Gripping and technically dazzling documentary-style drama.	While it's clear that the movie is very much a stacked deck, which invariably takes the Algerian side, the bias doesn't lessen the film's lesson.	The film establishes a kinetic documentary effect, making the impact of every shoot-out and explosion a deeply personal experience.	what really resonates on watching Algiers is its message about the widespread loss of civilian life and the staggering destruction to civic infrastructure as the heaviest costs of war	A startling and still-potent view of the double standard of war.	A powerful, documentary-like examination of the response to an occupying force, The Battle of Algiers hasn't aged a bit since its release in 1966.
One can only hope "54" will hammer the final nail in disco's coffin. It's music that I don't want stayin' alive.	It's all strobe lights and glitz, no substance. It's sort of like the musical era it covers.	The most affecting moments are shards of sexual behavior... that existed only on the samizdat VHS, the degraded quality suggesting ghostly remnants of film's scissoring [and] the long-dead behaviors on-screen, debauchery and gaucherie alike.	Just as disappointing as Whit Stillman's Last Days of Disco, Marc Christopher's 54 suffers from a formulaic script that feels like a reworking of Saturday Night Fever and Boogie Nights, both superior and more entertaining pictures.	The 1970s were great times, but most viewers could hardly come to that conclusion based on this film.	Poor plot development and slow pacing keep 54 from capturing the energy of it's legendary namesake.
I'm sure there was some great choreography and some great dancing that went into this movie. You don't see any of it.	While it doesn't excuse Hollywood and their tendency to prefer the established property over a new idea, at least they're getting better at making the reboots watchable.	Whether you prefer the original or the remake will be a matter of taste.	The film's sheer exuberance is frequently enough to overcome its regular moments of dull writing, dubious logic, and clichéd plotting and acting.	Paramount's Footloose reboot never quite cuts loose enough to distinguish itself from the original.	While it hews closely to the 1984 original, Craig Brewer infuses his Footloose remake with toe-tapping energy and manages to keep the story fresh for a new generation.
The core of the move -- specifically the sessions between Mark and Cheryl -- is quite good.	The transactions, O'Brien's growing self-awareness and the effect on those around him are explored with grace, humour and tenderness.	For the most part, an authentically subversion take on fringe sexuality.	An inspiring tale that celebrates the human spirit, underscores the value of connections, and laughs at the beautifully embarrassing urges that make us what we are.	Presents the sensitive O'Brien as a brave, funny, unselfish and unlikely romantic-fantasy dream hero for disappointed, weary or jaded older female moviegoers.	Tender, funny, and touching, The Sessions provides an acting showcase for its talented stars and proves it's possible for Hollywood to produce a grown-up movie about sex.
Husband and wife, upper-class couple Jean and Gabrielle Hervey, are played, to perfection, by two of France's premier film actors: Pascal Greggory and Isabelle Huppert.	I couldn't stop watching, but came away spiritually drained.	Gabrielle reeks of the same snobbery it denounces in others.	This highly stylized portrait of a loveless marriage at the beginning of the 20th century merges a claustrophobic theatricality with dazzlingly cinematic wide-screen compositions (the sumptuous cinematography is by Eric Gautier).	Co-screenwriter/director Patrice Chereau doesn't seem in any particular hurry with the pacing. He practically dawdles, which makes the whole thing feel longer than its relatively scant running time.	Patrice Chéreau's exquisite rendering of Joseph Conrad's The Return brings underlying passions to surface in a long-suffering marriage.
Big, loud, often obnoxious, but surprisingly sweet-tempered.	Goes on way too long, but still a fun movie that immortalizes John Belushi	...an epic musically charged comedy, the likes of which has never been seen before or since.	I am never not amused by the Blues Brothers.	One of the funniest movies I have ever seen. A classic in all sense of the word.	Too over the top for its own good, but ultimately rescued by the cast's charm, director John Landis' grace, and several soul-stirring musical numbers.
There is more attention to special effects than to humor.	It speaks to its entire audience, without ever seeming to joke over children's heads in a snide or overly knowing manner.	Murray and scribe Ramis defy all logic and turn it into a movie you'd want to watch over and over.	A fantasy, but with no touches of reality at all, to be enjoyed for its zany humour typical of the "National Lampoon" school from which several of its contributors are drawn.	Thirty years later, there are still rumblings of making another sequel, but no one would dare suggest a reboot or re-imagining; Ghostbusters is perfect exactly as it is.	An infectiously fun blend of special effects and comedy, with Bill Murray's hilarious deadpan performance leading a cast of great comic turns.
Emotionally searing....Thanks largely to Garfield's heartfelt performance, Boy A becomes a powerful, poignant story of the difficulty of forgiveness.	The limits of redemption and forgiveness get challenged ruthlessly in this haunting drama...	The genius of Garfield's performance is that he fills him with equal amounts of terror and wonder.	A quiet and penetrating portrait of a sensitive young man who re-enters society with a fresh identity after spending half his life in juvenile prisons.	A small, huge film about the harsh realities of rehabilitation, and the shimmering possibility of redemption.	Small in scale but large in impact, Boy A's career making performances (particularly that by star Andrew Garfield) and carefully crafted characters defy judgment and aggressively provoke debate.
I don't see how anyone, even Scooby Doo fans, could really find anything worth even remotely liking with this movie.	Good-looking, mindless junk that's apt to prove tedious to anyone over the age of 10 who isn't deeply entrenched in nostalgia for mediocre cartoons from his or her youth.	Okay, if there has to be a worst film of 2004, and there HAS, then this is a good place to start looking.	Much like the Flintstones movies, this sequel is better than the original but still falls far short of the post-modern genius of its original cartoon series.	As little as there is to recommend in Scooby-Doo 2, it must be noted that the human cast has done an uncanny job of inhabiting their two-dimensional characters, especially Lillard.	Only the very young will get the most out of this silly trifle.
Isn't exactly groundbreaking, but it's good, clean fun.	While this is certainly a case of the geek shall inherit, it still is tidy enough to entertain for the most part.	Ferrell, Fey and Hill acquit themselves hilariously, and Cross steals the movie as Minion.	The bonus in "Megamind" is a thoughtful and heartfelt look at the thin line between good and evil and hero and villain, how they can exist in equal parts in many of us, and how their appearances can be deceiving.	Very relatable for elementary school kids while giving them something to stretch for with Tesla coils and existential discussions and a plot with a couple of extra twists.	It regurgitates plot points from earlier animated efforts, and isn't quite as funny as it should be, but a top-shelf voice cast and strong visuals help make Megamind a pleasant, if unspectacular, diversion.
Dark, lovably eccentric tale of platonic love that works on logic uniquely its own.	The epitome of a film that you can't believe you're laughing at, but you are. A lot. It hurts. In a good way.	It is most successful when it keeps to the tone of an insane fairystory set up at the beginning of the movie.	This darkly humorous ,romantic comedy between an introvert adolescent and and old spunky woman, is playing it too safe to be considered truly anti-establishment, but it became a cult picture.	[Bud Cort and Ruth Gordon] both are so aggressive, so creepy and off-putting.	Hal Ashby's comedy is too dark and twisted for some, and occasionally oversteps its bounds, but there's no denying the film's warm humor and big heart.
The movie is cranked up somewhere between stylish and proudly stupid.	Oh, please, please, Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, please be at your computers, writing away at another screenplay.	Crank qualifies as a superior piece of slick, shallow-souled trash. And I mean that in the best sense of the term.	The question isn't whether Jason Statham knows how to Crank things up. The question is whether or not you're willing to go with him on yet another highly implausible, blood-soaked, adrenaline-pumped ride.	Relying upon an abbreviated and accelerated plotline informed by Rudolph Mate's 1949 film noir classic D.O.A., Crank is a hard-R-rated chase-and-smash movie fixed around Euro action movie magnet Jason Statham.	It's a film about a guy injected with Speed... wait, there's no bus. It's a film about a guy who has to kick a bunch of squirmy butt to stay alive... wait, no snakes or planes here. But it is a film about doing lots of drugs and pulling lots of punches, and it entertains accordingly.
...a throwaway thriller...Serra conjures up a pseudo-sizzling frightfest that's not imaginative enough to force a dead tick off a shaggy dog's hind leg.	A sizzling grand finale is among the few reasons to endure House of Wax.	(Director) Collet-Serra has no facility for suspense or mood, and he stretches out the brain-dead dialogue and plodding plot until it's numbing.	None of it is staged with any panache.	My contempt for this film is so great, I'm reluctant to even call it a film, as that designation places it in the pantheon of works by Welles, Hitchcock and even Ed Wood.	Bearing little resemblance to the 1953 original, House of Wax is a formulaic but better-than-average teen slasher flick.
A big dud.	Only for little kids or anyone with no discerning taste.	Though it hurts to think unkind thoughts about the square-shooting Royal Canadian Mounted Policeman who is passionate about right and wrong, in reality casting Fraser as Dudley turns out to be too much of a good thing, a case of Blank Look Overkill.	You might simply die of boredom.	In the end, it's neither Dudley Do-Right nor Do-Wrong, but merely Dudley Do-Just-So-So.	Gags aren't that funny.
And this time there aren't even any leather pants.	...can't help but come off as an obvious high point within this progressively low-rent series...	Uninspired prequel-slash-threequel that seems to have contractual obligation written all over it.	A period piece that drips mediocrity from the minute it begins.	Directed by former special effects artist Patrick Tatopoulos, it is shoddily paced and appears to have been lit with a candle, presumably to hide its obvious budget shortfalls.	Despite the best efforts of its competent cast, Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is an indistinguishable and unnecessary prequel.
...one heck of a crowd pleaser, filled with humor, pathos, and intelligence.	October Sky is a bit schmaltzy and predictable. But that shouldn't keep anyone from enjoying this true-life saga of a boy whose dreams could not be confined by either gravity or convention.	October Sky is a movie you want to believe in.	October Sky doesn't seem like much on paper, but it is an entertaining, smart movie that is calculated to satisfy the all-American notion that anyone can do anything as long as he tries hard enough and never stops believing.	October Sky is a sensational character-driven story with a strong narrative and great visual style.	Rich in sweet sincerity, intelligence, and good old-fashioned inspirational drama, October Sky is a coming-of-age story with a heart to match its Hollywood craftsmanship.
Considering just how many cooks there were in the kitchen, Paris, je t'aime came out with a pretty even feeling	The result is that after two hours one gets the sense of having seen a panorama of human experience, of having witnessed a moment of time in all its true fullness.	Generally, the comic pieces are sturdier than the abbreviated dramas. ...As might be expected, a couple of the chapters are misfires... Happily, 'Paris' saves some of its prime material for the last half-hour.	Split evenly between the inspired segments and those that fall flat, this ambitious omnibus is still worth watching.	Not great filmmaking, but will be appreciated by Francophiles.	Paris Je T'aime is uneven, but there are more than enough delightful moments in this omnibus tribute to the City of Lights to tip the scale in its favor.
Another minimalist exercise seeking verisimilitude when the real goal should be drama.	Gyllenhaal is charming and makes unexpected choices in her performance, but this is Bridges' show, and he's as Best Actor-worthy as he's ever been.	You'd have to be crazier than Joaquin Phoenix to see this film as ground-breaking. But when it's good, it ain't too bad at all.	This is a sad little story, told rather indulgently by the writer-director. Bridges and Gyllenhaal are superior to the film in which they appear.	Jeff Bridges channels Hank Williams, Jr. and Kris Kristofferson for his portrayal of an alcohol-addled outlaw country star hoping for one more chance.	Thanks to a captivating performance from Jeff Bridges, Crazy Heart transcends its overly familiar origins and finds new meaning in an old story.
It's a triumph of style over substance, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.	...crisp and stylish writing and direction by Joe Carnahan, who pays homage to the gritty police dramas of the 1970s	Opening with a chase scene that's real heart-in- your-mouth stuff, the movie barely ever lets up -- it's exciting almost to the point of being exhausting.	Carnahan works with a rough-hewn classicism that recalls the tenacity and resilience of Hollywood in its glory days.	A riveting profile of law enforcement, and a visceral, nasty journey into an urban Hades.	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta are electrifying in this gritty, if a little too familiar, cop drama.
Fairly absorbing in an alternately classy and salaciously trashy way that operates not too unlike Emmerich's popcorn entertainers.	Full of so many soap opera twists and turns you would have thought Shakespeare or Aaron Spelling came up with the plot.	There are plenty of reasons to hate Anonymous, but its biggest crime by far is that it is just one more example of the gradual dumbing-down of the world that we live in.	Overlong, labyrinthine and most certainly speculative in its history, "Anonymous" benefits from a central conceit that is too intriguing to be dismissed.	Anonymous proves that Emmerich is more than capable outside of the disaster genre. He just bit off more than he can chew, as is his tendency.	Roland Emmerich delivers his trademark visual and emotional bombast, but the more Anonymous stops and tries to convince the audience of its half-baked theory, the less convincing it becomes.
If Frances has a chance, there's hope for us all.	Indie darling Gerwig has a great deal to do with the picture's success: she's disarmingly likable...	a smart, wry and surprisingly tender film about standing at the crossroads of adulthood.	Its flighty quarter-life crisis theme [will be] familiar to anyone who's seen five minutes of Girls.	As Frances literally dances her way through the streets of New York, you can't help smiling and knowing she will be OK. She will figure out how to be the adult she was meant to be.	Audiences will need to tolerate a certain amount of narrative drift, but thanks to sensitive direction from Noah Baumbach and an endearing performance from Greta Gerwig, Frances Ha makes it easy to forgive.
A searing portrait of a young man's chronic loneliness.	Lie's performance is pitch perfect, and Trier's direction almost flawless.	The beauty is in the array of animated faces in Anders' life. And it's in the simple promise and vitality of Anders' face, which serves the film without any regard for being in a film, let alone a tragedy or a poetic vision of darkness and futility.	Trier's film takes us to some desperate places, but it earns that despair with clear eyes, and the sense of character is finely-honed...	[Screenwriters] Trier and Vogt are neat and cunning.	An upfront study of a drug addict confronting his demons, Oslo, August 31st makes this dark journey worthwhile with fantastic directing and equally fantastic acting.
Even some fifteen years after the release of Blue Velvet its vision remains wildly adamant relative to the stride of other works of contemporary noir. There have been many films about suburban crime, but none as dangerously imposing as this.	shocking, perverse, funny, unsettling, scathing, biting, and twisted, but undeniably original	One of the most original, invigorating films I've ever seen.	It feels as "out there" as ever, and there hasn't been any movie since quite comparing to it, besides David Lynch' further adventures into mind-f**king.	Not quite like any other thriller or erotic mystery you've ever seen.	If audiences walk away from this subversive, surreal shocker not fully understanding the story, they might also walk away with a deeper perception of the potential of film storytelling.
For the most part, The Professional is a great action picture.	The European cut rocks -- U.S. version less so. Biggest drawback is that Besson tries to persuade us Reno is Italian, and I'm never buying that.	Leave it to french writer-director Luc Besson (La Femme Nikita) to put a kinky twist on Orphan Annie and Daddy Warbucks.	Besson's skills of action director are enough to guarantee entertainment.	Besson has a gift for amoral sleaziness that should serve him well over here. In his very first American film, he has gone straight for the smarm.	Pivoting on the unusual relationship between seasoned hitman and his 12-year-old apprentice -- a breakout turn by young Natalie Portman -- Luc Besson's Léon is a stylish and oddly affecting thriller.
[An] excellent and unexpectedly nuanced documentary...	If the film intends to show that any of the Siegels have gained any wisdom from hardship, we don't see it.	A fascinating and sobering documentary that tracks the unexpected impact of the financial crisis on one of America's richest families.	A bizarre and mesmerising journey to the heart of Cloud Cuckoo Land.	Greenfield and her crew achieved extraordinary access to the Siegel's lives, and one of the film's pleasures is simply getting to visit a world that few of us will ever know.	The Queen of Versailles is a timely, engaging, and richly drawn portrait of the American Dream improbably composed of equal parts compassion and schadenfreude.
There's enough of a storyline here to keep younger space cadets moderately settled.	A trite compendium of everything that's wrong with non-Pixar computer-animated feature films.	The action pans out pretty predictably but such is the verve of the story and the impressive visuals you may find yourself heading off course to catch Planet 51.	Animated alien entertainment exclusively for those who've already had their brains sucked out.	Funny and well designed, but doesn't live up to potential due to uninspired dialogue and heavy hand of marketing.	Planet 51 squanders an interesting premise with an overly familiar storyline, stock characters, and humor that alternates between curious and potentially offensive.
The film does what it's supposed to, inspire outrage. But still, Jaws will never have the appeal of those baby pandas.	Sharkwater has a message or two or three; its intentions are nothing if not noble.	Cautionary environmental documentary that asserts there's more to sharks than "Jaws."	It's a film you come away from feeling that you should get out there on the streets and start marching for sharks.	Stewart, a Toronto-based marine biologist and underwater photographer, makes up for in passion what he lacks in narrative subtlety.	In addition to its breathtaking underwater photography, Sharkwater has a convincing, impassioned argument of how the plight of sharks affects everyone.
Unfortunately, only about half of the many jokes and gags in the film are actually funny.	Forget Citizen Kane. As a matter of history, this seminal film is unquestionably the finest work of cinema ever made. Required viewing for all students and fans of the art form.	Although the plot is sweet and simple, the laughs are what make this movie stand out.	I love this movie, with its bizarre tangents and dream sequences.	Hilarious and brilliantly deadpan.	Better Off Dead is an anarchic mix of black humor and surreal comedy, anchored by John Cusack's winsome, charming performance.
overrated	The nice thing is that Crowe and director Amy Heckerling have provided something pleasant to observe in all of these characters though they really are sadly lacking in anything gripping.	The great high-school comedy that spawned a thousand rip-offs.	I'll take something like The Breakfast Club or many of John Hughes films over Crowe's characters any day.	...largely prosaic, crude, stereotyped, and pointless.	While Fast Times at Ridgemont High features Sean Penn's legendary performance, the film endures because it accurately captured the small details of school, work, and teenage life.
The filmmaker makes peace with his difficult youth by accepting that every life is filled with both darkness and light.	This is a stirring and strange mix of history, memory, and fantasy.	Something very close to a masterpiece.	[VIDEO ESSAY]..."The Dance of Reality" is a loving film that dares to reconstitute atrocious familial, social, and political trespasses as violations to be forgiven in the interest of altering reality.	Proof that the legendary provocateur is still a font of out-there invention.	This long-overdue return from Alejandro Jodorowsky finds him just as overflowing with imagination -- and heart -- as fans have come to expect.
Turns history into the equivalent of a horror movie, one with a less-than-stellar cast and some serious plot holes.	Blood flows freely here, but the movie never creates a keen sense of involvement or mystery. Even a major cliffhanging (literally) set piece winds up blurred by the addition of a blinding snowstorm.	As dim and dank as a power failure in a peepshow, Pathfinder is Apocalypto without the laughs or 300 without the muscular visuals and elevating dialogue.	Had the camera been a firing squad pointed towards its actors, their careers would have taken less damage.	Like Beastmaster or Conan but without the wit or inspiration.	A few rousing action sequences can't make up for Pathfinder's non-existent plot and silly dialogue.
proves to be a bit of a guilty pleasure	This movie isn't bad just because it follows a formula slavishly but because it does so without verve or passion.	Even for the trashy sub-genre it belongs to, "Never Back Down" is sadly just lazy action pablum as will the five Straight to DVD sequels be. I'll just stick to "Karate Kid"...	If you think about what this film is saying, the superficiality is overwhelming.	In lieu of character development we get musical montages, and the film is sliced and diced more than all of Sweeney Todd's victims combined.	Though not without its pleasures, Never Back Down faithfully adheres to every imaginable fight movie cliché.
Dreams are something we all need to have, irrespective of age; this uplifting fable reminds us of that.	Even in our cynical age, it still manages to impress.	For today's knotty kids, Pinocchio's tale still has a few lessons, especially for little boys who lie, ditch school and go to amusement parks.	It still is the best thing Mr. Disney has done and therefore the best cartoon ever made.	Not up there with the very top echelon of Disney classics, but Pinocchio will still work its magic on younger viewers.	Ambitious, adventurous, and sometimes frightening, Pinocchio arguably represents the pinnacle of Disney's collected works -- it's beautifully crafted and emotionally resonant.
More than compensating for the formula script are Drumline's tuneful glory and driving rhythms, along with a pulsating vitality that never flags.	Slick choreography and a confident performance by Orlando Jones keep this tale from beating to the tune of the same old drum.	Drumline is the real deal, a toe-tapping, feel-good sleeper with an unlikely setting -- a college marching band -- that feels fresh and rousing despite a formulaic script.	Drumline is a brassy formula film of a very high order, a movie that's both entertaining and inspirational.	Drumline has plenty of opportunity to shift into sports-movie autopilot and resists it at every turn, valuing discovery over expectation.	Essentially a sports movie with drums, the energetic Drumline somehow manages to make the familiar seem fresh.
The film is not only a feel-good affair, though it certainly is that - it has something of significance to say.	The adventures of a 10-year-old Laotian boy are subject to radically different interpretations in The Rocket, Australian documentarian Kim Mordaunt's impressive narrative debut.	This utterly charming, fable-like coming of age tale will live longer in the hearts and minds of audiences.	Uplifting, engrossing and thrilling while remaining accessible to both art-house and mainstream audiences. It's destined to become a sleeper hit.	Disamoe demonstrates the resourcefulness he learned during a period when he was a street seller and beggar. It's his exuberant performance, as much as the pungently naturalistic setting, that lifts The Rocket's scenario above the generic.	A feel-good success crafted with care, Kim Mordaunt's story of two young kids in Laos is a heartfelt audience pleaser while remaining sensitive toward its subjects.
Characters like these two can still grab us by the throat and refuse to let us go.	I say again, Ellen Page is in the room! You read it here.	Isn't merely difficult to swallow, but none too tasty going down.	... once seen, Hard Candy doesn't easily give up its grip.	[Hard Candy is] a stylishly directed thriller that's worth seeing for its intense performances, but there are too few surprises and the end result is disappointing.	Disturbing, controversial, but entirely engrossing, Hard Candy is well written with strong lead performances, especially that of newcomer Ellen Page. A movie that stays with the viewer long after leaving the theater.
This film is riddled with cliches and impossible situations.	A solid enough action comedy, albeit one that had a lot of potential to be wittier and darker.	...tries to be a no-nonsense action thriller, but it's undermined by its own plot silliness and by the unruffled attitude of its main character.	One big, ugly chase scene!	In the popcorn sense, it certainly delivers on mindless escapism. In the artistic sense, let's just say that Payback is a long way from Point Blank.	Sadistic violence and rote humor saddle a predictable action premise.
A riveting firsthand account of how legitimate security concerns can lead to policies considered extreme and even immoral by the people administering them.	Extraordinary...not only an engrossing first-hand account of Israel's Palestinian policies over time, but one that may have lessons to teach both Israeli leaders and other nations confronting those they identify as terrorists.	It is hard to imagine a movie about the Middle East that could be more timely, more painfully urgent, more challenging to conventional wisdom on all sides of the conflict.	A remarkable behind-the-scenes peek at how Israel's in-house CIA/FBI has operated, both honorably and questionably, from the Six-Day War until now.	Ultimately the movie feels evasive, and its flashy, digitally animated re-creations of military surveillance footage unpleasantly evoke the Call of Duty video games.	Strikingly stark, brutally honest, and rivetingly assembled, The Gatekeepers offers essential perspective on a seemingly intractable war from some of the men who fought it.
Along with Obvious Child, it is one of the worst films of the year.	Hader and Wiig give rich, nuanced performances that reflect the chemistry the two actors honed together from their years on Saturday Night Live.	Skeleton Twins isn't perfect, but it cuts to the bone.	Even though they got famous doing broad sketch comedy, Wiig and Hader both have a sadness in their eyes that allows them to play believably damaged people who use humor to mask pain.	Some weeks at the movies are like this. You settle for wonderful actors doing some wonderful acting with scripts that support those efforts even as they limit them.	Led by powerful performances from Kristen Wiig and Bill Hader, The Skeleton Twins effectively mines laughs and tears from family drama.
Quite insipid and wretchedly unengaging.	Animated Dickens makes for a surprisingly successful translation, and in my book Billy Joel can do very little wrong.	Surely one of Disney's weakest full-length animated features, Oliver and Company features terrible, badly dated songs and some shoddy, patchwork animation with precious few dazzling moments.	Much cornball adventure ensues, punctuated by healthy helpings of singing, dancing and general merriment.	I guess I can cut the Mouse House a little slack when it comes to paint-by-numbers mediocrities like Oliver & Company.	Oliver & Company is a decidedly lesser effort in the Disney canon, with lackluster songs, stiff animation, and a thoroughly predictable plot.
(A) fantasia of the classic Greek myth with a brawny odyssey through lands of magic, all at the behest of the gods using humans as pieces in their competitive games and wagers.	"Jason and the Argonauts" features some of Harryhausen's most memorable stop-motion creations, including the giant bronze statue Talos and a creepy army of swordfighting skeletons.	Jason and the Argonauts -- certainly a wondrous film at its time -- benefits from nostalgia, and is moviemaking in a rarefied form.	Great Harryhausen effects, indifferent acting and script	Easygoing satire of mythical determinism	Don Chaffey's Jason and the Argonauts is an outlandish, transportive piece of nostalgia whose real star is the masterful stop-motion animation work of Ray Harryhausen.
The success of the film depends almost distressingly on the audience's cheeky sense of bad faith toward Lars Von Trier.	Rest assured that the film is as playful as it is thoughtful.	A vain and vapid intellectual exercise that only serves to illustrate Lars von Trier's unswerving arrogance.	Hardly conventional entertainment, but seeing what happens next provides much of the fun in this far-from-academic exercise.	Although The Five Obstructions occasionally seems like an exercise in artistic wankery, It's amazing to see how Leth rises to the challenge each time.	Both an intriguing intellectual exercise and an amusing look at the contrasts between the two filmmakers.
Terrible with no story, a god-awful cast led by the cursed Amanda Peet, and stale dialogue. Cheesy CGI.	On any level other than as sheer visual sensation, 2012 is a joke, for the simple reason that it has no point of view.	It depicts a world where no one, man or God, has much say in what happens to the planet, and where the survival of one family outweighs the deaths of billions. What does that say about us?	(Many) will decry "2012" as a plotless, illogical, clichéd, demented popcorn flick (because it is), but this is that rare case where the apocalypse, at least in terms of big-budget blown-up spectacle movie-making, is hardly the end of the world.	The strongest thing about this movie is the "this I have to see" factor. If only the story had the same kind of groove going as the effects.	Roland Emmerich's 2012 provides plenty of visual thrills, but lacks a strong enough script to support its massive scope and inflated length.
What the film boast in charm and exuberance, it sadly lacks in emotional core, and while there isn't really any depth to the bonds formed over the 90 minutes, it's still a great family-friendly action-comedy.	"Puss in Boots'' doesn't break any new ground in the storytelling department, and its reliance on go-go-go state-of-the-art action sequences grows wearying by the end, but the movie has a devilish wit that works for parent and child alike...	I like this cat. I hope they make four more of these. Viva el gato!	Puss In Boots is the cat's meow.	"Puss in Boots" shows that there's certainly enough in him to create a new hero beloved by both children and merchandise executives.	It isn't deep or groundbreaking, but what it lacks in profundity, Puss in Boots more than makes up for with an abundance of wit, visual sparkle, and effervescent charm.
Black Dynamite is back and The Man better look out or die laughing.	A brilliant laugh-out-loud slapstick crowd pleaser made with love and talent.	... a dead-on parody of the sloppy filmmaking, aggressive overacting and slapdash writing of the cheapest films of the genre.	A pin-sharp send-up of 1970s blaxploitation.	Generally humorless and pointless, devoid as the film is of any commentary on the genre to which it's paying loving tribute.	A loving and meticulous send-up of 1970s blaxsploitation movies, Black Dynamite is funny enough for the frat house and clever enough for film buffs.
The latest installment in writer/producer Paul W.S. Anderson's Resident Evil series may have opened atop the box office, but hardcore gamers know where the real action is.	The action at times is pretty effective, from an attack by an infected flock of crows, to some brutal fighting in a sand-engulfed Las Vegas.	The Alice you care about most, the one who kills zombies with splits and panache (and machetes) is actually not on Isaacs' monitor and is not dead yet.	Alice is back. She remembers everything, mostly because we've seen it all before.	A Western-tinged adventure whose innovations are so scant that the only things keeping the enterprise afloat are clumsy references to its predecessors.	Resident Evil: Extinction is more of the same; its few impressive action sequences unable to compensate for the pedestrian plot.
It adds up to prime stuff for us action junkies and admiration for the new guy in town, The Rock.	Puts similar movies to shame simply by bringing that infectiously goofy FUN back into what's generally known as the Mindless Action Flick.	The Rock does have a winning screen presence, even when the material falls short.	A good showcase for the former wrestler's impressive physical prowess and decent comic timing.	It's slick, it's loud, and it's catalyzing--a gadfly of a film from a subversive filmmaker approaching the mainstream but not quite there yet.	The Rundown doesn't break any new ground, but it's a smart, funny buddy action picture with terrific comic chemistry between Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Seann William Scott.
An unholy mixture of Heroes and Jumper...'What if nothing we did made any sense?' says the inept hero, apparently reciting the credo of the moviemakers.	A kick-ass soundtrack, sexy imagery, and the ghost of a narrative to string it all together.	Push has an interesting premise, but it just doesn't manage to translate it into a great movie.	Suggestive of X-Men, The Matrix and the television show Heroes, Push is one of those time-mangling thrillers that manages to seem both complicated and superficial.	It should give us the willies, but it's willy-nilly.	The sci-fi thriller Push is visually flashy but hyperkinetic and convoluted.
A pretty brave and ambitious feat.	A charming film, infused and emotionally heightened by the imagination of memory.	The meandering focus of the script isn't quite as sharp as it should be, but there is nothing muddled about the warm feelings the film strongly evokes.	A grand slam!	Both epic and intimate, taking on a large cast of characters while focusing quietly on the details of their lives.	A moving film with moments of humor, Liberty Heights succeeds in capturing the feel of the '50s with great performances and sensitive direction.
This is a movie that never aspires to be anything more than dimwitted fun, then falls on its aspirations.	In Donald Petrie's How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, the setup to the inevitable is contrived to highest level that although you may want to dismiss the film, the performances by the leads are appealing enough for you to have good time enjoying this film.	The perfect date movie.	The film has charm and even some grace...An offhandedly luscious vision that the actors are careful not to muss.	After a frothy start, How to Lose (an apt abbreviation) becomes a one-joke comedy of slapstick suffering.	Matthew McConaughey and Kate Hudson are charming together, but they can't overcome How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days' silly premise and predictable script.
Might just be the best American sex comedy since Paul Mazursky's 'Bob, Carol, Ted, and Alice." Jumps from extreme silliness to unbridled outrageousness to a truth most dramas do not achieve.	There's not a lot of depth or relationship insight, but the lead actors effectively keep the proceedings both amusing and unsettling.	The result is a bit twisty, largely credible and well played by the talented leads.	Unfortunately, their largely improvised dialogue is not enough to sustain even the meagre 79-minute running time.	Brice squeezes some nervous laughter out of the premise, but The Overnight is more naughty than funny, and it pulls back from the edge just when it should be leaping off.	Witty and unpredictable, The Overnight benefits from writer-director Patrick Brice's sure-handed touch and strong performances from a talented cast.
Yet another discourse, a creative one, about what people do when they are diagnosed with a terminal disease.	A lyrical and heart-affecting French drama that reveals that we must each encounter death on our own terms.	It's noteworthy for the performances of Melvil Poupard as Romaine and Jeanne Moreau as the grandmother-two people facing their own mortality, and trying to exit this world with grace and dignity.	A beautiful, frank and utterly absorbing examination of death.	Romain sees his inner child wherever he goes. The problem is, that childishness is all we really understand about the character. Nothing else punches through.	A reflective look at our own mortality through the experience of a middle-aged French man, Time To Leave manages to pull at our heart strings without resorting to cliches, and leaves a lasting impression.
It isn't only organization that the mildly anarchic Your Mommy Kills Animals sorely lacks, it's also a sufficient number of sources.	Your Mommy Kills Animals is an eye-opener, raising tough questions about whether the movement deserves such intense scrutiny and punishment by the government.	Terrific documentary on the animal rights movement that allows all sides in the debate to make their points.	A miraculously evenhanded treatment of a snarlingly divisive debate.	Your Mommy Kills Animals is eye-opening in the truest sense of the word. I was riveted from start to finish. This is one of the year's best films.	A thoroughly fascinating, well-presented examination of the animal rights debate that is both provocative and thought-provoking.
Some audiences will find it as sugary as a fruit-scented princess pony sticker book, but its intended viewers will be delighted.	Almost every note in this insipid comedy is strident or false.	Whether or not an unexpected shift to generic family-friendly territory boosts The Rock's flagging film career, this is just one more in a long line of creatively bankrupt choices for the former wrestler.	The movie is so likable that it glides over its many plot holes. The filmâ(TM)s direction, by Andy Fickman, is raucous but never crass, and the affable Mr. Johnson is committed to every moment.	Should be dismissed entirely as cutesy, formulaic, sentimental drivel ... but cannot be so easily written off without a second thought because Johnson is so charismatic in it.	Despite The Rock's abundant charisma, The Game Plan is just another run-of-the-mill Disney comedy.
On the surface, Jackie Brown -- based on Elmore Lenoard's novel Rum Punch -- is a caper movie, full of guns, drugs, purple profanity and bloody murder. But scratch the surface and you find a love letter.	Turns out that author Elmore Leonard and director Quentin Tarantino are not the odd couple after all.	Forster and Grier have real chemistry in their limited time together on-screen. Forster has star-quality presence and is used well by Tarantino.	A great, quirky little film that gets better every time you watch it.	These are unquestionably Tarantino's greatest characters, and the actors eat them up with verve.	Tarantino's third film, fashioned as a comeback vehicle for star Pam Grier, offers typical wit and charm -- and is typically overstuffed.
A great sampler of Roma (Gypsy) music with outstanding road footage would be enough, but the insight into the Roma heart is priceless.	It's a slow, sometimes grating process for an hour or so, but once everyone wises up to their shared heritage, a euphoric celebration of what it means to be a gypsy takes flight.	A natural follow-up to Dellal's debut, American Gypsy: A Stranger In Everybody's Land, this exuberant film features long musical interludes that speak as vividly -- if not more so -- than the interviews and fly-on-the-wall footage.	It's hardly surprising that Gypsy Caravan, a lively and lovely music documentary, is rife with whirling rhythms, wild, soaring melodic lines, the ululations of singers steeped in centuries of Romany tradition.	For those who like a melange of music with an international flare, GYPSY CARAVAN is a pleasure.	A dynamic doc following five Romani bands is a pleasure for the senses thanks to vibrant colors and eclectic music.
One of Hitch's best and most elegant works.	There are so many rich interpersonal relationships. This is not a romance or a history, but a bout of delicious Gothic psychoanalysis.	The meandering storyline, however, ultimately prevents the film from living up to its reputation as one of Hitchcock's best...	Gorgeously mounted, but overlong Hitchcock film.	Remains one of the Master's most overrated and underrated movies at the same time.	Hitchcock's first American film (and his only Best Picture winner), Rebecca is a masterpiece of haunting atmosphere, Gothic thrills, and gripping suspense.
If you're prone to carsickness, this might not be the ideal movie for you. But as a meditation on the way human beings fill the silence - or choose not to - it's an amazing accomplishment.	A two-hour film with Nepalese as its first language, no introduction, no narration and no dramatic arc sounds like a challenge, in much the same way that unshelled lobster is delicious: both require a little patience.	For the curious viewer.	Multiple viewings simply allow for more diverse and creative readings of the material.	By focusing on such a narrow slice of Nepali life, Ms. Spray and Mr. Velez have ceded any totalizing claim on the truth and instead settled for a perfect incompleteness.	Its tranquil pace will prove jarring for the blockbuster-inclined, but Manakamana rewards patient viewers with a singularly haunting experience.
Delightfully daft.	...an unswervingly funny yet loving and beautifully crafted homage, something more artful and lasting than the usual pull-my-finger farce or focus-grouped Scary Movie lowballer.	Never struck me as funny, but it's well put together.	More about the myth of Karloff than the monster, this Mel Brooks pastiche is probably his best early film.	For a really delightful parody, James Whale's own Bride of Frankenstein is far better value.	Made with obvious affection for the original, Young Frankenstein is a riotously silly spoof featuring a fantastic performance by Gene Wilder.
A film that is as darkly amusing as it is bitterly critical of bourgeois society's indifference to suffering.	Sort of a Hansel and Gretel outing with machetes and chainsaws substituting for the mythic oven.	A sort of female action/revenge fantasy whose knives are sheathed in amusement.	One heck of a tale of deliciously unladylike payback.	Serreau's script is as witty as it is pointed and manages enough suspense to qualify as a thriller.	Anything but chaotic, Chaos makes a high-energy and award-worthy stab at bourgeois apathy and racial tensions in France, while musing on chance.
I watched an episode of Whose Line Is It Anyway? just before writing this, and it obviously warped my fragile little brain.	Crafty strokes of dark comedy and self-awareness peek through what is largely a Hollywood-gritty veneer.	It's the poster child for bad taste, not to mention bad construction.	Herzfeld is smart enough to just let De Niro be De Niro.	De Niro and rising star Edward Burns have just enough knowing, gritty give-and-take in 15 Minutes to make you hungry for more.	As critical as it is about sensationalism in the media, 15 Minutes itself indulges in lurid violence, and its satire is too heavy-handed to be effective.
Heedlessly drawn to Eiko ... Tony takes a step onto spiritually hollow ground and falls through.... That's what this kind of ironic protagonist does, from Adam on down....	The camera effortlessly glides from scene to scene, revealing faultlessly framed shots that consist mostly of just one or two people, their backs often to the camera.	Jun Ichikawa's quiet film has a power that resonates. It gives loneliness a cinematic canvas.	A gentle breeze of absurdism floats through this lyrically understated story. Its sadness is little short of magical.	An ethereal modern fable without a moral, Tony Takatani seeps into the soul and lingers. For filmgoers in search of a quietly absorbing escape, it might be the perfect holiday-movie antidote.	Despite its deceptive wispiness, this delicately lovely and melancholy film about loneliness has a haunting power.
Karen Walton's sharp screenplay is especially strong in the family scenes, allowing performances of Heavenly Creatures intensity from the young leads.	The movie is much at its best when dealing merely with suspicions, rather than when later laying out the lycanthropy and laying on the gore.	It's altogether devilishly cunning.	Ginger Snaps is about as close to a new millennium Heathers as anyone has gotten.	A witty and intelligent exploration of what it means to become and live as a woman in middle-class suburbia.	The strong female cast and biting satire of teenage life makes Ginger Snaps far more memorable than your average werewolf movie -- or teen flick.
Desperately unfunny, emotionally flat.	Think My Best Friend's Wedding, subtract gay best friend, dorky karaoke scene, charm, and any hint of malice or conflict, and you've got it.	Too much of this belabored romance is devoted to the surprisingly unfunny complications that ensue when Mary discovers the true identity of her new crush.	Too often it comes up with sappiness where it needs sass.	If you took My Best Friend's Wedding, showed it to a bunch of kids and then asked them to make the same film, they might come up with something like The Wedding Planner.	Instead of being light and charming, this romantic comedy is heavy-handed and contrived in its execution. Also, it's too unoriginal.
The makers this exceptionally foolish thriller starring a most excellent Leonardo DiCaprio, want you to know there may be blood on your hands, specifically your wedding finger.	Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which, thanks to Mr. Hounsou's work, is nearly worth the price of admission.	The only indignation stirred up by Blood Diamond won't be among those who worry about where their jewelry came from, but with audiences incensed by facile politics and bad storytelling.	Much more so than those earlier films, Blood Diamond freely combines political grandstanding with action-adventure heroics.	Blood Diamond deserves kudos for shedding light on the dark underbelly of the diamond trade, but it's too accomplished an action film to have the impact of, say, Hotel Rwanda or even this year's Catch a Fire.	Blood Diamond overcomes poor storytelling with its biting commentary and fine performances.
Wild Tales is a riotously entertaining collection of short stories linked by a common theme: people losing their self-control and self-respect.	Each of the segments involves violence and illustrates the arrogance of the wealthy and powerful, but their moralizing is as facile as the plotting is mechanical.	The film is not an advance, in themes or style, over such predecessors as the omnibus horror thrillers of the 1960s and '70s; but at its best it's a lot of fun, and it's filled with memorable performances and characters.	A wickedly funny, perceptive and smart roller coaster ride of emotions that walks a fine line between comedy and tragedy.	Of the six tales on offer, four are excellent and one decent - a high strike rate for a compilation.	Wickedly hilarious and delightfully deranged, Wild Tales is a subversive satire that doubles as a uniformly entertaining anthology film.
Mind-bending psychodrama.	It's still a guilty pleasure - though the guilt quotient is a bit higher - and that's down to the still-extraordinary presence of the massively gym-built Arnold...	It should please pretty much anyone who likes science fiction films. It should have a broad range of appeal on many levels.	Ugly, stupid, loud, offensive, and pointlessly violent.	Total Recall's caricaturing of Schwarzenegger, its flip ribbing at his stocks of action-hero cache, signal the deep, almost atomic level at which its satire functions.	Under Paul Verhoeven's frenetic direction, Total Recall is a fast-paced rush of violence, gore, and humor that never slacks.
Given the tinsel-thin storyline, the typical seasonal gags only elicit perfunctory laughter.	Should you spend Christmas With the Kranks? Well, perhaps if you're an adolescent boy, or you have nothing better to do, then go for it. Otherwise, make other holiday plans.	A loud, coarse and witless family comedy.	The script here is barely passable and the direction is downright awful, completely lacking in any sense of comic timing, visual grace or character development.	An abysmal failure, and I am a worse person for having seen it.	A mirthless movie as fresh as last year's fruit cake, Christmas with the Kranks is a coarse, garish comedy that promotes conformity.
Great acting talent assembled for this film was mirrored with Kaufman's superb direction.	Though critically acclaimed, Philip Kaufman's superbly realized adventure about the early Space Age was a commercial flop, due to its satirical tone and unfortunately close association with the presidential candidacy of John Glenn.	One of the scattered handful of truly great American movies in the first half of the 1980s.	A great movie that unfortunately failed to attract audiences back in '83, this adaptation of Tom Wolfe's book about astronauts pays tribute to what we would like to believe represents the American spirit: hard work, perseverance, camaraderie and vision.	The Right Stuff is, well, fascinating stuff.	The Right Stuff packs a lot of movie into its hefty running time, spinning a colorful, fact-based story out of consistently engaging characters in the midst of epochal events.
Though punctuated by bursts of virtuoso action, including a running battle in downtown LA that ranks as one of the best action scenes ever filmed, it is the unusual emphasis on character that impresses most.	There isn't much to recommend this movie until Pacino and De Niro finally share the first of their two scenes together.	A stealth epic, framing an urban jungle and making its own kind of contemporary history by pairing acting giants Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino in what has arguably become the preminent cops-and-robbers movie. [Blu-ray]	With a stellar cast including Val Kilmer and Jon Voight, Heat has it all including a great soundtrack full of tone-setting, ambient, and symphonic arrangements.	Heat occupies an exalted position among the countless contemporary crime films.	Though Al Pacino and Robert De Niro share but a handful of screen minutes together, Heat is an engrossing crime drama that draws compelling performances from its stars -- and confirms Michael Mann's mastery of the genre.
Sometimes it sizzles. Sometimes it's a pale shadow of the comic book.	No skimpily dressed Satan-worshipping babes like in the original comics, alas. . .	Easily joins the ranks of ... throw-away superhero movies made for a quick buck.	So much flatter than it was on the comic-book page.	It all seems so wearyingly old fashioned: teenage delinquents on motorbikes, creaky incarnations of Satan, a rock'n'roll take on dangerous cool.	Ghost Rider is a sour mix of morose, glum histrionics amidst jokey puns and hammy dialogue.
An attempt the dramatise the animal world which just feels cheap and unworkable. A drag.	An attempt to make a live-action nature film with the same sort of emotional wallop as the legendary 1994 animated smash "The Lion King," "African Cats" was doomed to come off as phony.	The first entry in the DisneyNature series that's pitched at youngsters rather than a general audience, despite some intense footage.	To me, this feels like the 21st century version of the True-Life Adventures in a way that absolutely deserves the Disney name on it.	Kids will love "African Cats," which is full of "aw" moments. Their parents will appreciate that narrator Samuel L. Jackson keeps things from getting too schmaltzy in this true-life depiction of the circle of life.	It isn't quite as majestic as its subjects, but African Cats boasts enough astounding footage -- and a big enough heart -- to keep things entertaining.
It's a bit overbearing the first time you experience it, but the film holds up under repeat viewings, revealing more and more complexity and coherence.	Lots of style here, not nearly enough substance	Dark City has all the Gothic imagery and plot incoherence of a Tim Burton movie, without Burton's mad-scientist merriment.	Such thin plotting is okay, because it's the city itself that makes this film work.	Overall, I must say that this film is one that I thoroughly enjoyed from frame one to frame last, and look very forward to watching it over and over again, with nachos by my side, and mind set to 'absorb.'	Stylishly gloomy, Dark City offers a polarizing whirl of arresting visuals and noirish action.
It's hard to say whether gleaming automobiles or women's bodies are given the more fetishlike treatment in this vanity production.	Redline continues the mind-boggling trend of films that choose to justify their existence by piling on layer after layer of meaningless excess.	Redline is a direct-to-knucklehead release that refuses to bow out gracefully.	You could watch it with the sound off and the plot wouldn't make any less sense than it does with it on.	The pic oozes the charm and personality of an industrial film.	Redline has plenty of bad acting, laughable dialogue, and luxury cars.
... Lazy, unimaginative storytelling that tries to fool the audience into thinking it's clever.	Takako Fuji and Ohga Tanaka, as the ghosts, do MTV Movie Award-caliber work by just crouching in a phone booth.	All movies like The Grudge 2 leave us with is a sense of bored futility.	Low calorie horror, it's propped up by set-piece shocks familiar from any of the other five incarnations of Ju-On: The Grudge.	The only place Takashi doesn't stuff his powdery ghosts is up a cheerleader's skirt, surprising since there are so many of them readily available.	A diminished sequel that makes even less sense than The Grudge 1.
Sharply observed but poorly helmed and unevenly acted, this gross and sordid account of the early days of Internet Porn claims to be based on a factual story but its true inspiration is Boogie Nights, Paul Thomas Anderson's masterpiece.	If it weren't for James Caan's shyster Las Vegas lawyer, the whole, um, pornucopia would be a complete waste of time. Best to think of this as Middling Men.	Relentlessly sleazy but undeniably intriguing.	Packed with more voice-over narration than a docent's tour of the Metropolitan Museum, "Middle Men" is formulaic to a fault.	This inspired-by-a-true-story film about the birth of Internet porn is giddily sleazy, full of convincing crazies and criminals, as well as the scumbags and wannabes who surround them.	Middle Men benefits from a solid cast, particularly Luke Wilson, but its muddled script lets them down.
A clumsy mishmash of a comedy.	With all the money and talent and hype that went into this film, it should have been a lot better, but it is entertaining enough to rate a passing grade, especially for Robin Williams fans.	All Spielberg achieved is an impressive production design; in every other department, he's profoundly wasted talent, material, and time.	It's worth a look. But overall, Hook feels like an exercise in cynicism.	No matter how much cash Hook earns, it will take more than pixie dust to fly this overstuffed package into our dreams.	The look of Hook is lively indeed but Steven Spielberg directs on autopilot here, giving in too quickly to his sentimental, syrupy qualities.
It's as home-entertainment ready as a shrink-wrapped sack of microwave popcorn. But at least it works hard at finding ways of pushing this one-joke premise ahead a space or two.	Inoffensive entertainment for the undiscriminating, but lacks a fair share of the magic of the original.	It would be hard to imagine a family slipping in The Santa Clause 2 into the DVD player 20 years from now as part of a holiday tradition.	There's just not enough of that old corny ho-ho-ho in The Santa Clause 2 to make it a qualified holiday hit.	Visually, 'Santa Clause 2' is wondrously creative.	Though it's harmless as family entertainment and has moments of charm, The Santa Clause 2 is also predictable and forgettable.
Engagingly funny.	It's a reliable set-up for farce, but somehow Cedar Rapids never breaks free of its influences to establish its own rhythm.	The cast, anchored by sweetly goofy Ed Helms, redeems the film at every turn, adding humor and dimension to characters who might have otherwise drowned in tacky grotesquerie.	The supporting cast are uniformly excellent too, particular Reilly, whose blow-hard Deanzie gradually reveals a softer, empathetic side.	Reilly is an absolute hoot as a glad-handing carouser with an inexhaustible supply of cheesy catchphrases, while Heche finds unexpected depth as a wife and mother on the prowl.	It's as conventional as its Midwestern setting, but Cedar Rapids boasts a terrific cast and a script that deftly blends R-rated raunch and endearing sweetness.
It's labeled a 'true-ish story', and the results are cheeky fun.	The story line sounds plain and simple, but the movie is enlightened by Bernie's impassioned narration and by a gallery of small comic details.	Sweet, sentimental and funny in a warm and fuzzy way, even if it's somewhat predictable and few of the actors seem very Jewish.	Delightful coming of age comedy with a terrific cast, a superb script and a genuinely moving finale - it really is the feel-good movie of the year.	...so unrelenting on the misery it piles upon poor Bernie Reubens you may just feel guilty laughing...	Likable but overly sentimental, Sixty Six has snatches of sharp dialogue but is ultimately too predicable.
The movie won't change your life or grab a fistful of Oscar nominations come next winter. But it will make you laugh, hard and often, and it proves that sometimes girls just want to have fun.	This supposed great experiment in femme-com bears the distinct scars of having been "fixed" -- out of fear or financial imperative -- by and for dudes.	Kristen Wiig is brilliant.	It's one I intend to re-visit over and over if only to bask in Wiig's understated sexual appeal...	a cynical edit of . . .a sharp, funny film about the many stages, and even more permutations, of female friendships, one that was unafraid to include the ribald, the profane, and the brutally honest	A marriage of genuine characters, gross out gags, and pathos, Bridesmaids is a female-driven comedy that refuses to be boxed in as Kristen Wiig emerges as a real star.
Empty calories, maybe, but tasty enough.	Director Ken Kwapis has the right touch for this material, making pointed observations without spilling blood.	cynicism tempered nicely with a warmly perceptive story about the perils and pleasures of the mating dance,a dance where everyone is flying blind and working without a net.	It comes from, of all things, a best-selling 2004 self-help book by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo, which may explain why the characters are all behavior and no humanity.	The movie gets smothered by one romantic comedy cliché after another.	Despite the best efforts of a talented cast, He's Just Not That Into You devotes too little time to each of its protagonists, thus reducing them to stereotypes.
If you want to see what capital-A Acting looks like, take a gander at Cate Blanchett in Woody Allen's latest feature.	Blanchett hits the notes pitch perfectly and could easily have a date with Oscar early next year. (Full Parental Review also available)	Blue Jasmine could've been more comedic, but Blanchett's heavy performance really gave this story a new life on its own.	The exquisite Blanchett amazes, bringing brittleness and vulnerability to a woman on the edge.	Very Unhappy Movie	Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine finds the director in peak late-period form -- and benefiting from a superb cast led by Cate Blanchett.
Delicious black fun.	For all its expensive excess, fails to recapture the spirit of the original.	Watered with laughs, sprouting with boppy music	One and a half hours of freaky, scary nonsense set to a killer doo-wop soundtrack.	A pulp pop twist on the original Roger Corman horror comedy that's funny, fun, catchy, and well worth its reputation.	Remixing Roger Corman's B-movie by way of the Off-Broadway musical, Little Shop of Horrors offers camp, horror and catchy tunes in equal measure -- plus some inspired cameos by the likes of Steve Martin and Bill Murray.
Keane is a movie you might see on a dare, and though I think it is brilliantly conceived, I wouldn't dare to dare you.	The director is able to rivet us with this small story, simply because he observes it all with such a hard, unblinking gaze.	Kerrigan's films create worlds of personal obsession.	A small wonder of a minimalist morality tale.	An unsettling psychodrama that opens our hearts to a mentally and emotionally troubled man.	The scrutinizing camera angles of Keane might at first feel too close for comfort, but this powerful portrait of a man distraught by the abduction of his child plumbs the depths of mental illness and the corners of fleabag hotels in an intimate and touching examination of the seedier side of life.
Al Gore delivers his thousandth lecture on the subject as though it were his first--he's fresh and energetic, warm and friendly.	Even if you think global warming is a bunch of malarkey you'll at least be reassured that Gore is not a robotic government android.	Frightening and timely, the smartly organized documentary is an urgent plea for responsibility and action as well as an impassioned call to heed the ominous warnings of science.	The ultimate effect of An Inconvenient Truth is not unlike looking down the barrel of a loaded gun.	... the movie preaches to the choir rather than winning over new converts.	While global warming is a hotly-debated subject, what everyone on both sides can agree upon is that, if real, it's a very bad thing. Since losing the 2000 presidential election to George W. Bush, former Vice President Al Gore has busied himself by being an outspoken figure against this potential environmental disaster. As much about the man as about greenhouse gases, this candid, powerful and informative documentary illuminates some of the myths surrounding both of its subjects equally well.
Besides the similarities in playing with time and structure, Nolan is already zeroed in on his favorite cinematic theme: obsession.	A stylish and interesting film.	This edgy little bit of nastiness is a good reason to start getting excited about British movies all over again.	A challenging and intriguing piece of work.	The film leaves a good impression on the viewer as one that is ably directed, written, acted, and photographed.	Super brief but efficient, Following represents director Christopher Nolan's burgeoning talent in tight filmmaking and hard-edge noir.
Dead Poets Society adds little to the genre that hasn't been said before and aims, instead, at familiar stereotypes and overly obvious tugs at the heartstrings.	Generally fairly tedious and predictable, without being especially believable.	The best stories and performances, one of the greatest films of the 1980s and a rare classic that should be treasured.	Williams keeps a stiff upper lip, showing a more sedate and sensitive side, and the Oscar-winning screenplay provides a strong backbone.	Though sentimental and contrived, this valentine to charismatic, dedicated teachers is extremely well acted (even by Robin Williams) and it does make you feel good about loving literature and poetry.	Affecting performances from the young cast and a genuinely inspirational turn from Robin Williams grant Peter Weir's prep school drama top honors.
It's obvious in hindsight why Penn and Teller would be so drawn to this ethereally beautiful mystery: Their passion for all things seemingly magical, often mechanical, and always amazing is practically their trademark.	A bizarre, moving and witty how-dunnit that makes you look twice at the work of Johannes Vermeer.	As with many good film, it's the destination, not the outcome, that matters, and 'Tim's Vermeer' has the spacious room to allow one to get lost in one man's impressively herculean busy work.	Tim's Vermeer refers not just to the replica Vermeer he seeks to paint, but to his understanding of who Vermeer was and how he accomplished his work.	[A] highly entertaining documentary ...	Entertaining and profound in equal measure, Tim's Vermeer uses its seemingly esoteric subject to pose fascinating questions about art and obsession.
The Jonas Brothers are a contemporary phenomenon -- a boyish trio who dazzle fangirl tweens.	It serves its purpose.	Young Jonas fans will adore the Brothers' concert flick.	It's no mystery that the target audience for this G-rated bubblegum fantasy is tweens, parents of tweens and the occasional pervert. They'll be so pleased. Anything for the rest of humanity? Not so much.	If you're a Jonas fan, take the star rating above and double it, since I'm old and the Jonases are awesome!	Jonas Brothers: The 3-D Concert Experience should please the brothers' adoring followers, but for non-converts, this concert film is largely flat and unenlightening.
Watching it requires as much courage as curiosity. That it was just as hard to see the second time around says something about it. I'm just not sure what.	Emotionally raw, heartbreakingly beautiful and superbly acted.	Every once in a while a film arrives that is so honest, so expertly crafted and so sincere that the powerful emotional response it elicits is profound. Blue Valentine is one of those rare films. See it with somebody you are breaking up with.	Blue Valentine plays with our own expectations and assumptions of stereotypes enough to re-think the film at several different parts, and the movie gets more moving and sad as it reveals its many layers.	So bracing in the intimacy of it all. I think they're two wonderful, brave performances.	This emotionally gripping examination of a marriage on the rocks isn't always easy to watch, but Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling give performances of unusual depth and power.
Fundamentally, a lot like a TV instalment, only bigger, longer, more extravagant. Fine attributes for an animated kidpic really.	A delight, with tickles that reach from pre-k to grown-up.	Rugrats in Paris -- The Movie is one stinky diapee.	Offers plenty to amuse the young and young at heart.	Something for everyone, as it were.	When the Rugrats go to Paris, the result is Nickelodeon-style fun. The plot is effectively character-driven, and features catchy songs and great celebrity voice-acting.
"Bernie" is most successful at evoking the feel of a small town, a place where everybody knows your business, good stories live forever, and ultimately people take care of their own.	Linklater, admirably unconcerned about how his film can be categorized, has made a comedy, a drama and most certainly a character study.	It probably sounded great in the pitch room, but as an actual experience it's on the redundant side.	Bernie is poised to be a tough sell for Millennium Entertainment, its mild star power likely incapable of offsetting a garish premise and mixed reviews.	[A] weirdly funny, inspiring film.	Richard Linklater's Bernie is a gently told and unexpectedly amusing true-crime comedy that benefits from an impressive performance by Jack Black.
[In the growing] cycle of films dealing with interplanetary travel, communications or warfare, each succeeding entry endeavors to outpass its predecessors in drawing on fantasy and the imagination. It follows, then, that this is by far the most fanciful.	A solid, workmanlike film that holds up better than one would expect.	The film has more frissons than most of today's mega-budget productions, simply because it has the grace to construct a meaningful situation and coherent characters.	This taut and entertaining thriller is to The Day the Earth Stood Still what Alien is to Star Trek, or the Rolling Stones to the Beatles.	All-time classic sci-fi still packs creepy wallop.	As flying saucer movies go, The Thing From Another World is better than most, thanks to well-drawn characters and concise, tense plotting.
You could argue that the film fails to revive the harassed intensities of its first hour, but I doubt whether they could have been sustained; and what we get instead, with its stunned and glassy air, yields a slow-breathing drama of its own.	This delicate and beautiful film about the highs and lows of a close-knit family takes us on an emotional journey in which we experience joy, laughter, sorrow and contemplation.	a subtle and engaging family drama whose key concerns - absence, memory, continuity, and the light that shines through the darkness - just happen also to be amongst the constitutive preoccupations of cinema itself.	The Father Of My Children is largely about how life drifts by, and how we don't always leave the mark in the world that we'd hoped, so Hansen-Lřve resists the urge to overdramatize or over-stress.	It is a film about children and their parents, and not knowing where fate, or life, can take you.	A tragedy gracefully lifted by tender empathy and moments of joy, Father of My Children is a quiet triumph for writer-director Mia Hansen-Love.
If "Mission: Impossible  Rogue Nation" doesn't quite have that same touch that assuredly sets it apart, what it does have is a similar confident skillfulness that keeps the film humming along from one noteworthy action set-piece to the next.	It's apparent just how hard [Cruise is] trying in an effort to entertain us ... but it's not why Rogue Nation works. It's truly a team effort.	It's not a masterpiece of the action movie genre, but it's still a good option for adrenaline lovers. [Full review in Spanish]	Don't try to make sense of it, the world of Ethan Hunt, just like the cartoonish society that the characters in the "Fast & Furious" franchise inhabit, is clearly not our own.	The franchise has gradually refined its combination of jaw-dropping action set pieces and sleekly cool world of espionage into something that's approaching pop perfection.	Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation continues the franchise's thrilling resurgence -- and proves that Tom Cruise remains an action star without equal.
Body of War again demonstrates that we Americans still have some bitter truths to face.	A tough, affecting documentary about an American soldier in the Iraq war.	A chance to witness the struggles of a remarkable young man. Young may be paralyzed in the body, but his mind is fiercely alive.	Body of War doesn't bombard you with statistics or parade talking heads to beat the dead-horse argument that the invasion is a tragedy fueled by bullshit. Its pull is more human.	Almost by definition, documentaries about Iraq are gut-wrenching reminders of the unaccomplished mission. Body of War transcends even that tough standard.	Unapologetically political, this intimate and heart wrenching profile of an Iraq veteran may be rough around the edges but takes a potent stance with determination and compassion.
[Marvel] saved one of their very best movies for last, and I suspect Captain America: The First Avenger will send audiences out of the theater rabid to see what's next.	Sadly, rather than hyping up The Avengers, it left me ruing the fact that we won't see more period Captain America films.	The perfect casting of Evans as well as the original approach to the action ultimately makes up for some of the annoying changes from the source material.	Captain America isn't a masterpiece, but it's a solidly crafted, elegant adventure movie that held my attention from start to finish and sent me out into the street energized instead of enervated.	The effects work...integrates flawlessly with the rich, muted retro-themed colour palette of cinematographer Shelly Johnson, one of the few lensers able to work the darkening effect of the 3D process to the film's advantage.	With plenty of pulpy action, a pleasantly retro vibe, and a handful of fine performances, Captain America is solidly old-fashioned blockbuster entertainment.
Unsettling and-yes-often scorchingly funny!	Easy to appreciate, yet hard to find entertaining.	Permanent Midnight offers nothing we haven't seen before.	Stiller's fearless performance makes it painfully and graphically clear that being a junkie is an exhausting full-time job.	Comes off as manufactured and synthetic as most Hollywood product.	Aimless storytelling undermines the gripping, unsettling subject of this film.
If Zac Efron hadn't signed on, this sappy spiritual fantasy would certainly have skipped the cineplex altogether -- in favor of eternal rotation on cable.	Frequently tedious, badly written drama that fails to deliver the emotional punch it's aiming for, thanks to a painfully obvious central twist that creates more problems than it resolves.	[A] ghoulish death comedy.	the film cranks up the level of schmaltz to a fever pitch	A sentimental tearjerker about grief, miracles, letting go, moving on, second chances, the healing power of love, and the perpetual allure of pretty young movie stars.	Zac Efron gives it his all, but Charlie St. Cloud is too shallow and cloying to offer much more than eye candy for his fans.
It demonstrates that a film can be exciting and funny and epic in scope while still retaining the peculiar vision of an artiste compelled to capture his obsessions with a Techniscope lens.	You don't really need me to review THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLY for you, do you?	The film runs about two hours and forty-five minutes, but is absolutely absorbing, and goes by quickly and smoothly.	An improbable masterpiece -- a bizarre mixture of grandly operatic visuals, grim brutality and sordid violence that keeps wrenching you from one extreme to the other.	Potent Italian-Western shoot-'em up/war drama.	Arguably the greatest of the spaghetti westerns, this epic features a compelling story, memorable performances, breathtaking landscapes, and a haunting score.
Little more than a knock-off of both When Harry Met Sally and Love & Basketball -- and a rather lethargic one at that.	A smart, sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy.	Takes every convention of the romantic comedy genre and turns it on its ear.	Stereotypes are eschewed in favor of well-drawn characters, and the hip-hop backdrop is integral to the story rather than a marketing scheme to sell the soundtrack.	You could do worse than watch beautiful people making kissy-face with each other.	Though predictable and possibly too sweet, Brown Sugar is charming, well-acted, and smarter than typical rom-com fare.
A truly captivating children's film that never got its due in the theaters.	Soppy and girlish in the extreme, this should keep even the tiniest viewer rapt, while all too many adults may fall victim to an inexplicable bout of eye-watering long before the closing credits.	Cuaron's version of magic realism consists of seeing incredibly fanciful sets and situations in precise detail.	Enchanting drama based on a children's classic.	One of the very best children's movies of the past quarter-century.	Alfonso Cuarón adapts Frances Hodgson Burnett's novel with a keen sense of magic realism, vividly recreating the world of childhood as seen through the characters.
...a crazy spy vs spy tale of intrigue and corporate espionage that works well due mostly to the chemistry of its two leads - Clive Owen and Julia Roberts.	It won't receive the critical ballyhoo of his previous film, but where Gilroy's 'Michael Clayton' lacked imagination and surprise, 'Duplicity' is a fun, witty romp.	This thriller's flashback scenes interrupted the story's flow too much for me. But Julia Roberts and Clive Owen are fun to watch.	An all's-fair-in-love-and-espionage movie tailor-made for a pair of glamorous stars.	A high-tech romantic thriller set in the little-seen world of corporate espionage, Tony Gilroy's second feature is sophisticated adult entertainment which puts the lazy Ocean's films to shame with its clever writing, lively direction and visual panache.	Duplicity is well-crafted, smart, and often funny, but it's mostly more cerebral than visceral and features far too many plot twists.
What Whip It does make clear is that all girls are expected to perform, whether expectations are embodied by parents or audiences.	It succeeds because of the emotional rather than comic payoffs, such as a late scene between Page and Harden, where daughter and mother, after a rough patch, hit on an unexpectedly serious subject.	Should we really be rooting for a spry teenager to defeat veteran players 20 years her senior? That doesn't seem like a fair contest, but I guess it was good enough for Rocky Balboa.	Oh my, ladies: how our fairy tales have changed! A league of rough and tumble women, skating, fighting, competing and whipping their art through otherwise terribly ordinary lives.	Whip It, set in the roller-derby subculture of Austin, is a sweet coming-of-age comedy, safe, familiar and comforting.	While made from overly familiar ingredients, Drew Barrymore's directorial debut has enough charm, energy, and good-natured humor to transcend its many cliches.
In a classic case of bait and switch, Hide and Seek squanders its carefully built setup.	ALMOST a good movie. Of course, that close call with competence is averted with an ending that gets worse and worse as it drags on and on	Even though Hide and Seek's chilling tag phrase--"Come out, come out, wherever you are!"--may be enticing, just stay right where you are.	A film in which no character ever turns on the lights, because if they ever did, we could see exactly what was happening, and how stupid it really is.	Shameless in its appropriation of incidents and atmosphere from earlier horror movies, with De Niro giving one of the emptier performances of his latter-day career.	Robert De Niro and especially Dakota Fanning have earned some praise for their work in Hide and Seek, but critics have called the rest of the film derivative, illogical and somewhat silly.
If you're a liberal, this is a must! Know your enemy!	Camp is not a diatribe or a polemic... all it does is turn a camera on people who are proud enough of their actions and beliefs to talk candidly and openly about them for the camera.	A wake-up call for liberals and progressive Christians about the training of evangelical children soldiers in the culture wars.	Filmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady don't bother with a polemical voiceover a la Michael Moore but skilfully stitch together the comments of the evangelicals themselves. It doesn't make for a pretty picture.	The filmmakers are out to demonize, not humanize, which means their movie ends up preaching to the liberal choir instead of shedding any real light into the evangelical Christian movement.	Evangelical indoctrination is given an unflinching, even-handed look in this utterly worthwhile documentary.
A thoroughly enjoyable visit with the crew of TV's Star Trek: The Next Generation.	The series now lacks all of its original stars and much of its earlier determination. It has morphed into something less innocent and more derivative than it used to be, something the noncultist is ever less likely to enjoy.	Compared to episodes before and those that followed, this eighth installment of the unkillable series is surprisingly watchable.	A nicely constructed science-fiction film, with a simple premise, a charismatic villain and a good back-story to enhance the action.	The first stretch and the home stretch are so filled with visual interest and, more importantly, with the patented Star Trek philosophical and humorous tidbits that fans will gladly suffer the dull Borg patch for the pleasure of the rest.	While fans of the series will surely appreciate it, First Contact is exciting, engaging, and visually appealing enough to entertain Star Trek novices.
Given the short shelf life of many rude 'n' crude Hollywood comedies, it's amazing how well Caddyshack stands up after all these years.	A funny slapstick comedy, starring Billy Murray in top form	The plot wanders around the golf course and involves a half-dozen elements, but if you simply dig the gopher, the caddy, and the Dangerfield, you're not going to be doing half bad.	Caddyshack, a derelict farce that lurches about in search of hilarious possibilities among the members and employes of a country club, is the latest misbegotten spawn of National Lampoon's Animal House.	The first-time director, Harold Ramis, can't hold it together: the picture lurches from style to style (including some ill-placed whimsy with a gopher puppet) and collapses somewhere between sitcom and sketch farce.	Though unabashedly crude and juvenile, Caddyshack nevertheless scores with its classic slapstick, unforgettable characters, and endlessly quotable dialogue.
A tender but happily unsentimental tale of a closeted gay doctor in Israel who finds at least a measure of happiness with a young soldier.	A few rough edges, but has a lot to say about finding love whether you're gay or straight.	Yossi is a stronger film than its predecessor, more deeply felt and less reliant on love-story conventions.	Beneath its economical story line, "Yossi" is also about leaving the past behind in a larger, national, more metaphysical fashion, too.	Dour and obvious, this is a disappointing footnote to the original.	Smart, moving, and deeply empathetic, Yossi is a thoughtful examination of love and grief.
Viewer friendly, refreshingly undated, and worth as many repeat viewings as one can stomach.	Not Hitchcock's most profound work, but a tightly conceived, expertly executed thriller from the master of suspense.	A diverting adventure, but in truth, a little precious... Not my favorite of Hitch's later films.	One of the best films ever made.	Rich imagery, with many links to Vertigo.	Gripping, suspenseful, and visually iconic, this late-period Hitchcock classic laid the groundwork for countless action thrillers to follow.
Well-crafted and acted (especially by Aaron Johnson), it hits the biographical notes but misses its subject?s soul.	This is not a biopic in the mould of Walk The Line or Ray; it is the story of a troubled childhood and a determined and strong-minded young man who uses his love of music to overcome a bitter and uncomfortable domestic past.	An authentic, overdue biopic that explains Lennon's torment and fire.	A "Portrait of the Artist" as a smart-mouthed juvenile delinquent, "Nowhere Boy" bristles with Freudian tension in front of and behind the camera.	Everyone in this entire production does brilliantly.	Don't expect any musical insights, but this look at John Lennon's early life benefits from its restrained, low-key approach and some fine acting from Aaron Johnson.
This is the ultimate Paul Newman - Robert Redford movie. The two are charismatic, good-looking, smart and funny.	One could [say] that Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid set the benchmark for buddy action-comedies to come, but there would never be another film that comes even close to exuding the same kind of charm Newman and Redford deliver in their roles.	You have to admire the craft and assurance of the thing even as its artificiality hits you in the face.	It's still fun, but was it ever a great film?	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969) is the likeably entertaining, charming and amusing comedy/drama of the friendship and camaraderie shared between	With its iconic pairing of Paul Newman and Robert Redford, jaunty screenplay and Burt Bacharach score, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid has gone down as among the defining moments in late-'60s American cinema.
Date Night manages to live down to its store-brand title. But it might have worked as a serious comedy about two people trying to resex their marriage and air their mounting grievances.	Aside from the part where Steve Carell climbs onto the hood of a sports car during a high-speed gun fight, Date Night is funny because it's true.	In Date Night, Carell is the cake batter that holds up Fey's icing.	Funny duo packs in the silly sex jokes, plus minor gun play.	Date Night takes two funny people, puts them in unfunny situations, and has them do and say unfunny things.	An uneasy blend of action and comedy, Date Night doesn't quite live up to the talents of its two leads, but Steve Carell and Tina Fey still manage to shine through most of the movie's flaws.
I found it to be compelling and highly sophisticated in its performances and its visual design.	Denis Villeneuve delivers an appropriately loud, jumpy, energy-driven take on this country's seemingly hopeless struggle to end Mexico's drug war.	No drugs bust, then, but nothing to get hooked on.	Smart enough to challenge your views, yet not too cerebral to alienate the mainstream, Sicario is a thoroughly engrossing watch that dazzles visually and connects emotionally.	Sicario is a film that will unnerve you and then stick with you after the credits roll, a crime thriller of immensely dark proportions akin to a nightmare but one whose monsters are very, very real.	Led by outstanding work from Emily Blunt and Benicio del Toro, Sicario is a taut, tightly wound thriller with much more on its mind than attention-getting set pieces.
A spare yet meaningful script, subtly deep performances and a starkly beautiful landscape combine in Sweet Land to tell a love story that is as much about the land as it is about two people.	[Director Ali] Selim grounds the story so firmly in its characters that he never hits a false note.	This is the real A Prairie Home Companion. You can practically hear Garrison Keillor's voice as an implicit narrator.	A gorgeous romance, set during World War I, with a deep affection for the land and the immigrant settlers who make something of it.	Intelligently written, brilliantly cast and thesped story of a German mail order bride in a Norwegian-American community in Minnesota just after WWI never hits a wrong note.	Finding the right balance between subtle and sentimental, Sweet Land moves beyond other similarly-themed dramas with evocative cinematography that plays an equal role to the talented cast.
The chief problem with The Dead Girl, as with most current multipart films, is that the truncated stories don't give actors much room to develop a part. They're on-screen for such a short time that they act furiously from the get-go.	THE DEAD GIRL provides several of terrific actresses with meaty roles and for that reason alone (let alone Moncrieff's fluid direction and solid, if uneven, scripting) it deserves to find an audience.	The use of multiple plots can be a dangerous exercise if not skillfully executed, making viewers feel cheated and wanting more, but Moncrieff works it out, ably shifting from one story to the next and keeping us satisfied with the open-ended outcomes.	Intriguing and unpredictable, this multi-layered film delivers a profound ripple effect as it explores the complexities of anger, grief, denial and retribution	Moncrieff (Blue Car) pushes a view of women as victims that might create its own pornography of masochism if it didn't touch so many authentic shattered nerve endings.	This dark thriller boasts a fresh approach, but it can still get bogged down by its heavy subject matter.
Gorgeously choreographed gymnastics of pain elevate District B13 over the impossible missions and last stands of the season.	Delivers a cogent, well-told story, with a bit of social significance underpinning, plus a series of sequences that should satisfy the action fans.	Whether the flick is focusing on its numerous action scenes or its breathless bouts of plot exposition, District 13 speeds by like an absolute blur.	A French import that dishes out comic-book complexity with the simple purity of a kick to the gut.	District B13 is as slickly edited, filmed and choreographed as it is empty of compelling characters or the meaningful ideas (institutional racism, the bleak future) it professes to be about. Ultimately, it walls itself in.	A nonstop thrill ride, District B13's dizzying action sequences more than make up for any expository flaws.
It may not quite live up to the standards of its predecessor, but it far exceeds its source material.	Sexless and relatively bloodless, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is about as good a follow-up to the 2012 hit as one could possibly imagine.	Nobody involved seems remotely aware of the utter pomposity of the project - a third endless film is now in production.	Sluggish pacing plagues this mid-series installment, but Lawrence's tough performance once again carries the day.	It's a middle chapter, for sure, but a vigorous and fast-paced one that leaves you hungry for more.	Smart, smoothly directed, and enriched with a deeper exploration of the franchise's thought-provoking themes, Catching Fire proves a thoroughly compelling second installment in the Hunger Games series.
It's not often a horror film reaches into the depths of my soul, grabs my heart and shatters it into a billion terrified pieces.	This is by far the lamest Grumpy Old Men sequel yet.	It's all talk and no action.	The ugly smell of unexamined privilege hangs over this film like the smoke from cheap incense.	The franchise will eventually, like all things, come to an end ... Sex and the City 2 is one step closer to that inevitability, so there is hope in it.	Straining under a thin plot stretched to its limit by a bloated running time, Sex and the City 2 adds an unfortunate coda to the long-running HBO series.
Soderbergh and his longtime cinematographer Elliot Davis have given us an action film that looks as sleek and moody as Krzysztof Kieslowski's Red.	Out of Sight may be the first movie that has truly gotten an Elmore Leonard novel on screen, in all its hangdog wit and fractured-jigsaw form.	The film owes a lot of its style to those produced by Quentin Tarantino, focusing heavily on characterization and quirky cinematography and not just pounding out a linear storyline.	Great crime picture, with interesting performances, unique style and an intertwining, captivating plot.	All the fancy footwork serves to bog down the movie.	Steven Soderbergh's intelligently crafted adaptation of the Elmore Leonard novel is witty, sexy, suprisingly entertaining, and a star-making turn for George Clooney.
It all pays off with an astounding, extended climax that is as rousing and exciting as it is frightening - one of the most surreal experiences I've ever had watching a movie.	Beauty and the Beast with bared teeth.	Makes Lassie Come Home look like a stroll through Pet Smart.	Mundruczó's camera is itchy, moving, darting, as if sniffing, a "shaggy dog" approach, little nudges and sneaks ever so closer in scenes where the dogs move closer to war with mankind.	It affects a general air of artistically inclined realism, but it's mostly concerned with building tension via a steady accumulation of flatly conceived misery.	White God isn't an easy watch, but its soaring ambition and powerful acting -- human and canine alike -- make it well worth the effort.
it is a pleasure to be captivated by Mamet, the master of tired, tough, talk.	The story turns tedious as the characters take turns stabbing each other in the back. Every successive plot twist becomes easier to foresee.	It's less plot-driven than The Score but is more satisfying because of what Mamet leaves out.	avoids sentimentalizing or glamorizing the material, keeping it dry and always with an ironic edge	Captivating David Mamet movie for grownups.	Heist didn't cover any new ground, but the cast and Mamet's expertise with witty banter make it worthwhile.
The movie's thriller hook is really just that: a hook, a pretext on which to hang some remarkably conceived and executed characterizations.	As a mystery, "Lantana" is memorable. But as a study in human relationships and the human condition, it's unforgettable.	Thoughtful, well-paced.	The emotional experience of "Lantana" is heightened by its marvelous ensemble cast, all of whom etch a character in relatively brief screen time.	Uno de los dramas más hermosos que se han filmado.	Lantana is an intricately plotted character study that quietly shines with authenticity.
The Dardennes' latest feature has an epic quality that belies its small-town setting.	Cotillard is the movie's focus and she offers perhaps her finest turn to date.	Throughout, Cotillard, conveying shame and desperation without ever being showy about it, brings meaning to every movement and posture.	It presents the consummate movie actress of her generation stripping bare the vanities of her profession to portray an everywoman hero, gently coaxed to life by filmmakers with a profound grasp of true emotion.	Set in a dehumanizing economy, this is a powerful film about rallying self-worth.	Another profoundly affecting work from the Dardenne brothers, Two Days, One Night delivers its timely message with honesty and clear-eyed compassion.
The most complex film made by Alfred Hitchcock.	"Vertigo" is Alfred Hitchcock's beautifully stylized psychological thriller about a man in love with a fetishized romantic fantasy invented by another man.	With this masterfully conceived spine-tingler, Alfred Hitchcock once again affirms his standing as movieland's king of the suspense-drama	One of the things that still amazes me about this movie is the way its study of obsession is so single-minded.	Hitchcock's most tender story.	An unpredictable scary thriller that doubles as a mournful meditation on love, loss, and human comfort.
As a portrait of a life lived strangely-and if you asked its subject, perfectly, with no regrets-The Dog is charming.	Working as both an unofficial Dog Day sequel and unconventional overview of New York gay culture from the past 40 years, The Dog combines archival footage, still photographs, and testaments from many of those who knew Wojtowicz well.	You simply couldn't find a better subject for a movie than this inscrutable man, full of contradictions.	The true story behind Dog Day Afternoon is fascinating fodder for a documentary, but The Dog squanders this by letting its sociopath subject run the show.	The film is a real "whew"-factor yarn, a hearty soup of thick accents, bold personalities and complicated motives, with an unmistakable taste of charismatic, ornery American hedonism.	Fascinating, evocative, and as unconventional as its subject, The Dog offers a colorful window into the real-life story behind a classic film.
A terrifically entertaining documentary about an unlikely subject.	Seth Gordon's portrait of obsessive classic arcade game players finds high drama and murky intrigue in the competition for the Donkey Kong world record.	A clever structure by director Seth Gordon means that The King of Kong ends up more engrossing than its bunch of geeky characters initially suggest.	I can't remember a more compelling film this year.	The King of Kong is proof that you don't need Earth shattering events of cosmic import to create a compelling film.	The King of Kong is funny and compelling with more than a few poignant insights into human behavior. Director Seth Gordon presents the dueling King Kong players in all their obsessive complexity and with perfectly al dente observations.
Frankie's struggle strays close to camp during her first transition; by the climax, which finds her cycling through personalities so quickly one fears for an emotive sprain, the story is secondary to the spectacle of Berry writhing with Oscar fever.	A hokey old-school drama of multiple personality disorder based, in the tradition of The Three Faces of Eve and Sybil, on a real case study.	Frankie and Alice is the kind of grandstanding that exposes an actress' pathetic dependence on approval by others.	"Frankie" is a little thin despite its weighty subject matter, but it has some strong performances amid the predictable psychodrama.	Lamentably by-the-numbers, treated like an affliction-of-the-week TV movie by its eight (!) credited writers and directed by Geoffrey Sax as if he knew where commercials should go.	Halle Berry gives it her all (and then some), but Frankie & Alice is ultimately too narratively strained and clumsily assembled to do her performance justice.
A gorgeous production from beginning to end, The Land Before Time contains all the essential elements missing from most of Disney's recent efforts.	It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens. For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.	If your little dinosaur lovers are still a bit young for Jurassic Park, then this charming cartoon should have them in raptures.	Sharp animation and powerful visualisation of scale will enthrall a young audience but the clumsy cub-scout moralising feels, well, extinct.	The Land Before Time is as handsome and honest an animated feature as any produced since Walt Disney`s death; it may even be the best.	Beautifully animated and genuinely endearing, The Land Before Time is sure to please dino-obsessed tykes, even if it's a little too cutesy for older viewers.
Genuinely unsettling.	Chuck & Buck is ... sad, funny, true and resonant.	A real stunner.	Any movie that sentimentalizes stalking ought to be shunned.	Chuck & Buck might be the most perversely agreeable stalker picture ever made.	Poignant, unsettling.
Uncommonly satisfied with letting the characters just sit there onscreen, inhabiting clichés until the audience does some eye-rolling.	A sweet celebration of brotherhood in its many forms.	Disney's apparent notion that five screenwriters are better than one comes apart here	Thanks to the reincarnation of SCTV stalwarts The McKenzie Brothers as a pair of moose, Disney's latest animated feature is more like Brother Beer.	If Brother Bear aspires to be The Lion King Plus, that plus is the infusion of ethnographic kitsch recycled from earlier Disney hits like Mulan and Pocahontas that adds moral tone, but no extra entertainment value.	Brother Bear is gentle and pleasant if unremarkable Disney fare, with so-so animation and generic plotting.
Apted skillfully weaves old footage with the new, and we become poignantly aware of another factor shaping their lives (and our own): biology, as the we watch the once-cute kids grow gray and heavy.	The granddaddy of longitudinal documentaries impressively reaches grandparenthood. . . continuing to reveal as much about the heard (but not seen) Apted as his interviewees.	To see "56 Up" is to be reunited with an old friend.	What ultimately is so compelling about 56 Up is the universality of the experiences. We were all once children. And we all will die. And in between, there is everything else.	... feels like a retrospective and summation of the whole series, with ample quotation from the previous films, an approach that makes it interesting even for viewers who haven't seen the previous installments.	Director Michael Apted continues to utilize cinema as a window into the lives of everyday people, and in the reflection of this documentary we can glimpse our own aging humanity.
It's probably impossible to enforce a complete ban on the use of fat suits in Hollywood comedies, but certainly it's time for an extended moratorium on them.	There's a growing - if still anecdotally rooted - consensus that Norbit could do serious damage to Eddie Murphy's Oscar chances.	In Norbit, Murphy is back playing multiple roles. But this time the magic isn't there.	Murphy may be at the top of his game, but Norbit is stuck on autopilot.	Norbit is a return to form for Murphy; while it's not on a par with his best work, it's very funny and just risky enough to eradicate the memory of Daddy Day Care.	Coming off his Oscar-nominated performance in Dreamgirls, the talented-but-inconsistent Eddie Murphy plays three roles in Norbit, a cruel, crass, stereotype-filled comedy that's more depressing than funny.
Once these creatures do come to life for a second outing, the promise soon evaporates and the clever comedy, built largely on crisscrossing anachronisms and various sly cultural references, is not enough to sustain a romp that is all rather predictable.	The sweet spot between action and inspired silliness.	If there's one thing that a movie-going Mom or Dad understands, it's the look in the eyes of someone who's just going through the motions, and there's a lot of that going on in Night 2.	Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles. Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.	No stone is left unturned.	Night at the Museum: Battle at the Smithsonian is busy enough to keep the kids interested but the slapstick goes overboard and the special effects (however well executed) throw the production into mania.
Looking for comfort food in a movie season stuffed with supposed gourmet fare? Sometimes a good old-fashioned sub will do nicely.	Too often, moviegoers must choose between character-driven drama and edge-of-your-seat action. "Black Sea" has both, with a gripping performance by Jude Law as their nexus.	"Black Sea" is a good movie; Law turns in a great performance, and one walks away feeling that the characters and the scenery here are all convincing.	The way enmities quickly escalate is a little bit of a stretch, but otherwise this is a smartly handled, old-school adventure, as Law's beleaguered captain struggles to keep control both of his men and his wayward, leaking vessel.	A semi-waterlogged confluence of the submarine and heist sub-genres which seeks to evoke a testosterone-soaked, 1970s feel.	Black Sea may not be particularly deep, but thanks to Kevin Macdonald's judicious direction and a magnetic performance from Jude Law, it remains an efficiently well-crafted thriller.
It's a quasi-authentic, simplistic, crime-and-rap story that become just romanticized, graphic gangsta violence.	What this all adds up to is a film that is effective, but not particularly unique, and thus less provocative than it might seem.	50 Cent dies for our sins in disappointing screen debut.	I can't say whether 50 Cent can act, because it's not required of him. He has plenty of charisma, and is a natural force in this environment.	50 Cent may strive to be fresh with his music, but this is just another doin' the crime while workin' the rhyme movie that only his fans will love.	While it may be based upon 50 Cent's own life experiences, Get Rich Or Die Tryin' is too similar to many other rags-to-riches stories to resonate.
It was supposed to be 1806, but Mansfield Park the movie has a little too much 1999 in it...	Austen purists may gag, but director Patricia Rozema has managed to crack Mansfield Park, transforming Jane Austen's problematic novel into an engaging bit of entertainment.	One of the best movies of the year.	A fine addition to the filmed Austen canon.	While this version plays somewhat fast and loose with the original story, and even more so with the heroine's character, it is still much more Jane Austen than not.	Solid performances, bold direction.
This is a film you skip seeing at your own risk.	My biggest problem with this movie is the choice to make Scahill the star of the show instead of the basic, disturbing facts.	A film that comes across more like a narrative thriller than a documentary. Effective criticism of America's current global military adventures.	... though I have certain qualms about the way Scahill is presented in the film ... I cannot imagine that a more compelling film could have been made without his character carrying this dramatic payload.	offers geopolitical exposition & humanist perspective on a nation's hidden & entirely unregulated foreign policy, seemingly designed to create ever more enemies for the US in an expanding global war that is kept out of view, with no end in sight.	Some viewers may find fault with director Rick Rowley's filmmaking methods, but they aren't distracting enough to keep Dirty Wars from serving as a terribly compelling argument against elements of American foreign policy.
Whether you find the result tedious or enlightening will be a factor of your openness to the director's languidly atmospheric approach.	Museum Hours is melancholy yet full of humour; educational and entertaining.	A powerfully contemplative look at the transformative ability of all art.	Museum Hours is less interested in plot than in using its characters as a way to give ideas shape and voice; however, because their performances are natural and improvisatory, the movie never seems didactic.	Sommer is perfect. So is O'Hara. This is the "Before Sunrise" for a very different (and platonic) pair of individuals.	Its languid pace may frustrate some viewers, but for patient filmgoers, Museum Hours offers a carefully observed portrait of the human condition.
Modern audiences may be tempted to overlook the significance of Goddard's groundbreaking vision but that doesn't detract from its powerful influence on film and pop culture.	One of the better Godard films.	Packed to the brim with imagination, particularly the insane 2nd half.	Nothing about this strange, moving work of agit-pop has ever seemed out of date. If anything, "Alphaville" moves closer to relevance with every passing year.	If an iPod commercial had a nightmare, it would look like Alphaville	While Alphaville is by no means a conventional sci-fi film, Jean-Luc Godard creates a witty, noir-ish future all his own.
Cringe-inducing moments abound.	A modern romantic comedy that actually works.	Bullock is a genuinely engaging performer, which at least gives the treacle some minty freshness.	A perfect example of this unoriginal-but-enjoyable type of film making.	As cute and cuddly a bedtime story as anyone could wish for.	While You Were Sleeping is built wholly from familiar ingredients, but assembled with such skill -- and with such a charming performance from Sandra Bullock -- that it gives formula a good name.
Whether or not you care about fashion, it's an absolute must-see.	A piece of Dior haute couture to hang in the closet is probably not in most of our futures, but this enthralling documentary allows viewers to finger the hem, so to speak, of some grand designs indeed.	Pręt-ŕ-porter-trained Simons struggles to express himself in an environment of hand-stitched glamour, and the film becomes a cross-generational dialogue about artistic authorship.	Dior and I is a great fashion movie, but it's also a superb picture about the art of management, applicable to any field.	"Dior and I" intimately demonstrates the tricky balance between art and commerce, between perpetuating a mythology while attending to the bottom line, and doing it with the pressure of a ticking clock.	Dior and I will obviously appeal to fashion fans, but this beautifully tailored documentary may draw in even the least sartorially inclined.
It leaves you wondering about how many artists are working on such wild dreams these days, and hoping it's more than you think.	minor hyperbole	If you enjoy sci-fi, cult cinema, or messianic quests by quixotic lunatics, you will love this movie.	His stories feature an impressive roster of would-be collaborators (Salvador Dali, Orson Welles, H.R. Geiger, and Pink Floyd), and some of the set pieces he describes sound pretty neat.	Somehow more inspiring than disappointing, this account of Alejandro Jodorowsky's doomed effort to bring Dune to the big screen still manages to be a testament to artistic insanity and tenacity.	Part thoughtful tribute, part bittersweet reminder of a missed opportunity, Jodorowsky's Dune offers a fascinating look at a lost sci-fi legend.
An indie production that puts most mainstream Hollywood teen dramas to shame.	Despite the heavy subject matter, the film never bogs down into the daily grief it depicts, but maintains a jaunty current of humor that counterbalances its melodramatic content.	Sufferers of 'Stendhal syndrome' - that singularly wonderful and hopelessly human disorder in which people confronted with particularly beautiful artworks become dizzy and often faint - beware.	Somewhat slighter than the festival raves would have you expect, Destin Cretton's indie flick is nonetheless a wholly affecting, gently nuanced drama - and a portfolio piece for rising star Brie Larson.	When Short Term 12 reaches its last scene, the lump it leaves in your throat feels earned.	Short Term 12 is an emphatic, revealing drama that pulls audiences into the perspective of neglected youths.
There is plenty of suspense, comedy and wonderful music to keep everyone entertained.	Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.	Simply one of the best films ever made, animated or otherwise.	As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]	Once again, love will redeem the beast, and Beauty's dancing clocks and singing teacups will blend marvelously with the tintinnabulation of bells this holiday season.	Enchanting, sweepingly romantic, and featuring plenty of wonderful musical numbers, Beauty and the Beast is one of Disney's most elegant animated offerings.
For the record, it isn't terrible. It's far from a milestone in Japanese animation, and not an especially memorable entertainment. Yet it doesn't try to be either of those things.	There is a new definition of the term, 'critic-proof movie,' and it goes by the name Pokémon: The First Movie.	You may not want to deny your children the pleasure of seeing it, but there's no reason whatsoever that you can't try to spare yourself from the ordeal.	The finale's violence undermines the film's much-trumpeted message that 'fighting is wrong.'	This pacifist spirit of brotherhood echoes the heroics in Princess Mononoke and other anime titles, but the artistic gap between the Miyazaki masterpiece and this project is huge.	Audiences other than children will find very little to entertain them.
It is not often that The Sneak feels like walking out of a movie. But this exploitative, patronising and nauseatingly violent take on Britain's yob culture had your critic eyeing up the exit.	Eden Lake: pursuit, persecution, violent death.	Daily Mail scaremongering? Possibly. But formidably well-made, all the same.	...while Eden Lake is effective, something feels not quite right about cheering for prepubescent kids to get their fatal comeuppance.	if it gets people talking about youth violence, class conflict and the gulf of social inequality in Britain, then all the better - and if it does not, at least it will give them a frightening, albeit derivative, ride.	A brutal and effective British hoodie-horror that, despite the clichés, stays on the right side of scary.
What matters is the sense of exhilaration you take away with you.	Those who like their comedy, romance, and tragedy in quiet doses should enjoy this textured story.	Director-writer Eran Kolirin creates some charming vignettes, ... little gems in a small, but sweet, movie.	The formality and the deliberate pace suggest the influence of Laurel and Hardy and Jacques Tati...	When The Band's Visit ends we feel refreshed and fulfilled.	The Band's Visit is both a clever, subtle slice-of-life comedy, and poignant cross-cultural exploration.
... this gentle storybook film is a simple, sweet tale animated with a delicacy unique to animated features.	...at its most magical when it observes the every day.	Let's say you have a five-year-old child who's not all caught up in the details of boring, mundane reality. Here's that kid's new favorite movie.	Admirable and enjoyable and beautiful, but it's a movie for the littlest of the little ones.	Miyazaki fans who are expecting the deeper themes in this may be disappointed. And as good as it looks, it's not career defining work, it's only merely good.	While not Miyazaki's best film, Ponyo is a visually stunning fairy tale that's a sweetly poetic treat for children of all ages.
As it goes on, Revolutionary Road starts to feel like a tepid rewrite of a Douglas Sirk weepie.	This film is so good it is devastating. A lot of people believe their parents didn't understand them. What if they didn't understand themselves?	Sam Mendes, the director of Revolutionary Road, injects a few milligrams of hope into his film version of the 1961 Richard Yates novel, an excoriating portrait of a mid-1950s marriage built on sticks, straw and delusion.	This is a sobering, well-observed film that doesn't fully hit the mark but sets up enough pleasing ideas to chew on regarding ambition, marriage and ideals of how to live one's life, individually and as a couple.	The book and the film may be nailed to their Fifties period (everyone seems to smoke perpetually) but what Revolutionary Road says about not so quietly desperate lives is still appropriate today.	Brilliantly acted and emotionally powerful, Revolutionary Road is a handsome adaptation of Richard Yates' celebrated novel.
Jodie Foster's The Beaver is a film about mental illness that, refreshingly, isn't like most films about mental illness.	Mel Gibson's passion is vanquished by his collaborators' retreat into boilerplate sentimentality.	The Beaver goes to elaborate lengths to sidestep any interesting conflicts or complex characters, instead opting for twee humour and saccharine life lessons.	As the movie grows darker, and Walter becomes more dissociated from reality, Gibson convincingly depicts a man who'll have to crack all the way before he can heal.	There's a strong and positive sub-text to the story, offering a depth of understanding to an often considered subject that is taboo. But whether audiences will buy Gibson talking with the hand is another question	Jodie Foster's visual instincts and Mel Gibson's all-in performance sell this earnest, straightforward movie.
Entertaining and uplifting.	A spirited -- if sentimental and conventional -- movie...	While the film is cute and charming, it isn't without its copious cliches. All in all, it's pretty much as expected.	Better than it looks. I know, it shocked me too.	In the tradition of Mighty Ducks, here's another great Rocky story from Disney.	Cool Runnings rises above its formulaic sports-movie themes with charming performances, light humor, and uplifting tone.
War Witch doesn't sermonize or propose a solution to its larger problems. It's a portrait of a life. It just so happens that said life is playing out in a living hell.	Being a child soldier is tough to imagine, but Canadian writer-director Kim Nguyen takes on the challenge without many qualms.	Nguyen creates a mesmerizing tone through his camerawork, editing, sound and the infusion of African folk imagery and ritual, but it's Mwanza's performance as Komona that makes "War Witch" feel so miraculous.	Atrocity and beauty somehow co-exist in War Witch.	Along with the moral lesson, Nguyen remembers to give auds some pleasures, including the exquisitely chosen soundtrack of African folk and pop music, Nicolas Bolduc's cinematography and the very artful use of sound throughout.	War Witch is a mature, intense drama that embraces the bruatlity of its subject and invites the audience to sympathize with its protagonist's nightmarish circumstances.
There are so many people involved that none of them are given a chance to be special or memorable, until they become victims of a senseless act of violence.	Star power alone pushes Bobby to a point where it's a comfortable failure,	What registers is the movie's cross-section of people (an ensemble cast selected from all corners of the Hollywood map) pulling together for a common future.	Macy two-timing Stone with Graham? It really was a different time.	So keenly felt and so deeply imagined I couldn't help but be moved, even grateful for its bleeding-heart nostalgia -- which winds up feeling rather up-to-date.	Despite best intentions from director Emilio Estevez and his ensemble cast, they succumb to a script filled with pointless subplots and awkward moments working too hard to parallel contemporary times.
A totally earnest and fairly predictable romance, it's also surprisingly affecting, thanks to another radiant performance by Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon star Zhang Ziyi.	The film is lovely, life-affirming, and guaranteed to make you cry.	The film is laced with gentle humor, and its simple story is built on a sure foundation of humaneness.	'Know the past, know the present' chant the students. "The Road Home" poignantly shows us both through the eyes of a son just coming to understand his father's lesson.	Even the director's most ardent admirers won't be ready for the soapy goo he delivers here.	Beautifully filmed, The Road Home is a simple touching and tender love story.
Seventy-three minutes, not counting the end credits. It may take longer driving to and from the theater... Normally such brevity is welcome, especially with Westerns since Kevin Costner already thinned our patience, three hours at a time.	It's a little too brief to get bored exactly, but it's certainly long enough to get frustrated at the lack of the essential ingredients to get the audience engaged in its story.	You won't be blown away but if it's your thing, you will be entertained.	Jonah Hex is a no doubt a bad film. That said, it has enough good elements to make you realize that it could have been awesome.	At 70 minutes sans credits, it gets in, does its business, and gets out as fast as it can. It's as if the studio knows what they've made isn't very good and want to spare paying audiences with the least amount of pain possible.	Josh Brolin gives it his best shot, but he can't keep the short, unfocused Jonah Hex from collapsing on the screen.
While Leth's guerrilla-style documentary is gripping to watch, it isn't particularly well-structured and constantly loses focus	A moving and profoundly upsetting portrait of life near the bottom of the global power pyramid.	The 85 minutes of this documentary are searing, not on gore quotient but through an aura of appalling violence in every frame.	Leth shows us the horrendous nature of the period but fails to provide much necessary political analysis, without which it is even more deeply depressing than it might have been.	Dark, dreary, depressing documentary	Asger Leth risked his life to bring audiences this rare and gritty glimpse at Haitian gangs, poverty and politics.
Bolt marks Disney's long awaited re-emergence as a top-dog in the world of animation.	For entertainment value, there's nothing this week to rival Bolt. It's a clever, funny family film.	[A]s sensitive and spirited as [it is] gorgeous to look at...	Cute, clever, and enjoyable.	With its vibrant look, frisky attitude and sweet lesson about loyalty and friendship, Bolt is solid, fresh family-friendly entertainment.	Bolt is a pleasant animated comedy that overcomes the story's familiarity with strong visuals and likable characters.
As time goes by, films like Scarface only gain in their importance.	To call the whole thing visceral is a palpable understatement.	The definitive modern gangster movie. Pacino's powerhouse role. Meet my little friend!	...much, much longer than it generally needs to be...	At a certain point, Scarface sheds its moralistic pretense and becomes a slick come-on to impressionable youth	Director Brian De Palma and star Al Pacino take it to the limit in this stylized, ultra-violent and eminently quotable gangster epic that walks a thin white line between moral drama and celebratory excess.
Ghosts is better-than-average McConaughey swill, but not by much -- that's its pleasure and its curse.	As a romcom, it's average, but as a Matthew McConaughey romcom, it's above average. If you're a low-expectations moviegoer, this one might surprise you.	Let's be clear: this is trash, not very funny and sometimes jaw-droppingly insulting.	Even if you're willing to check your brain at the door and suspend your disbelief for 100 minutes, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past has just a few fleeting moments of hilarity, but ultimately falls flat as comedy, romance and drama...	I'm almost embarrassed to admit I found Ghosts of Girlfriends Past the season's first genuine guilty pleasure.	A retread of A Christmas Carol, featuring Matthew McConaughey in a retread of his Dazed and Confused role, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past lacks originality, humor, and any semblance of charm.
A movie that uses stealing the Declaration of Independence as a starting point? Need I mention that this is a Jerry Bruckheimer production?	Passable, lightweight entertainment.	Turteltaub manages to stitch it all together well enough so that the ludicrous nature of the characters' quest doesn't hit you until the final credits roll.	Safe, simplistic and stylistically inert film fodder meant only for the least discerning multiplex zombies.	That the movie manages to maintain interest and gain occasional involvement is somewhat of a feat considering, although not enough of a feat for it to succeed.	National Treasure is no treasure, but it's a fun ride for those who can forgive its highly improbable plot.
You might think you know where these characters are going, and how the various plot threads will be tied up. But you'd be wrong.	There are no wasted scenes or superfluous dialogue in "Sin Nombre", just hard-hitting drama that has the feel of total credibility.	The gangster part of the movie is riddled with cliches, but strikes gold with its depiction of immigrants on a train headed north. An excellent debut by a Japanese-American director.	The compositions (even in grimy cities) and use of color are wonderful, the kind of thing that can only arise with the assistance of a wonderful art director.	Cary Fukunaga makes a strong impression with his debut feature, a visually rich Spanish-language thriller which borrows the conventions of the western and applies them to a world of gang brotherhoods and travelling immigrants in Mexico.	Part harrowing immigration tale, part gangster story, this debut by writer/director Cary Fukunaga is sensitive, insightful and deeply authentic.
If you've a heart and a pulse, you will like this movie.	Quite unlike anything you will have ever seen in an animated picture.	As original as it is strange, The Triplets of Belleville not only will win you over with that potent combination, but will likely tempt you to seek out its company again and again.	...director Chomet proves to be quite effective at establishing an utterly bizarre looking variation on our world, he's just not able to hold our interest all the way through.	many notable moments of animation excellence	Richly detailed and loaded with surreal touches, The Triplets of Belleville is an odd, delightful charmer.
at heart a philosophical allegory that pits Cruise's nihilism against Foxx's optimistic humanism	A stirring two-hour footnote to [Mann's] masterpiece Heat.	Collateral takes a premise that is otherwise flawed and makes it into one of the most compelling films of the summer.	I got actual, physical chills, not just because the movie is nifty-cool, though it is certainly that, but because it is metal-cool, brrrr-cool, glass-panes-at-midnight cool.	No director today, not even Martin Scorsese, matches Michael Mann's intensity or artistry when he examines how violence corrodes the soul.	Driven by director Michael Mann's trademark visuals and a lean, villainous performance from Tom Cruise, Collateral is a stylish and compelling noir thriller.
Eerily, unswervingly transfixing.	There are stumbles in this twisting science fiction tale about the perils of prescience, but even so, Primer is one of the most auspicious debuts in recent memory.	One of the most original and intriguing film debuts of the last few years.	Some audiences may resent a film in which we can't feel superior to anyone, but there's enough material here to keep you stuck at the water cooler for months.	Once you move beyond the film's rigorous braininess and authentic feel, you stumble into a thicket of overlapping dialogue, jump cuts and an unwillingness on the part of Carruth to at least leave a trail of bread crumbs behind him.	Dense, obtuse, but stimulating, Primer is a film for viewers ready for a cerebral challenge.
Director Andrew Dosunmu's film is big-hearted and rich, frequently using slow motion to underscore an artful intimacy.	When so many scenes are freighted with portent, one moment doesn't feel any more significant than the last...nothing the characters do is ever surprising; one expected revelation and argument follows the other.	Just when it seems as if there are no new worlds for cinema to explore, a movie like "Mother of George" comes along to prove otherwise.	The actors are both superb, conveying suppressed feeling through falters in their perpetual poker faces.	Beautiful, poetic, and hard-hitting without the use of excessive force and deeply layered with evolving and regional nuances of feminine experience.	Director Andrew Dosunmu's style takes some getting used to, but Mother of George compensates with powerful acting, a thoughtful script, and gorgeous visuals.
A brilliantly conceived thriller that keeps us guessing right up to the very end, Red Road intrigues but frustrates by its slow development and often incomprehensible Scottish dialogue	Red Road is a portrait of a voyeur, and it invites us to become voyeurs of the voyeur.	Her coolly dispassionate, entirely harrowing approach mixes gritty realism with a grimly understated violence that perfectly suits the subject she's chosen to explore.	An impressive debut that is orchestrated with a deep, underlying tension that never lets us guess what will come.	This psychological thriller does have a few effective moments. However, it goes a little further - too far, in fact. There are some sexually explicit moments in this that would likely garner an NC-17 rating had it been submitted to the U.S. ratings board.	Red Road director Andrea Arnold skillfully parses out just enough plot details at a time to keep the audience engrossed in this seductive thriller.
Dead Man Walking is a provocative, well-made film on a surprisingly intelligent level.	Expresses a heartfelt opinion on the death penalty without seeming either preachy or one-sided.	Penn gives an astonishing performance and delivers exactly what Dead Man Walking needs.	An extremely affecting experience	Intense yet subtlely handled on every level, Dead Man Walking is one of the most remarkable and memorable films of 1995	A powerful, thought-provoking film that covers different angles of its topic without resorting to preaching, Dead Man Walking will cause the viewer to reflect regardless of their political viewpoint.
If you try focusing on the plot particulars, Ghost is frustrating and, despite the gunfire, not entirely dramatic. But as a piece of dark art, it's substantial and successful.	This is a work of profound and melancholic beauty; every bit as essential in the 21st century as it was in the 20th.	Mamoru Oshii's direction deftly merges gritty realism with a dreamlike quality.	A fairly entrancing vision of a human race overrun by evolving artificial intelligence.	O visual e a qualidade da animaзгo sгo incrнveis, e a histуria й bastante criativa.	A stunning feat of modern animation, Ghost in the Shell offers a thoughtful, complex treat for anime fans, as well as a perfect introduction for viewers new to the genre.
There is a good bit of humor in the movie and the performances of Cruise and Blunt are spot on, with good supporting work from Bill Paxton, who plays a very hard-headed sergeant.	Tom Cruise is the last movie star, fortunately, he's in Edge of Tomorrow, making it better despite itself.	Despite its terribly unimaginative title, Edge of Tomorrow is a surprisingly imaginative summer action movie.	With its intriguing premise, engaging characters, and plenty of thrills to go around, Edge of Tomorrow makes for a breath of fresh air in a genre that has been crushed under monotony as of late.	Embraces video game logic and gives it a human face and heart, investing it with the numbness and exhaustion that come from running through the same scenario toward the same goal again and again until you get it right.	Gripping, well-acted, funny, and clever, Edge of Tomorrow offers entertaining proof that Tom Cruise is still more than capable of shouldering the weight of a blockbuster action thriller.
The whole thing feels a bit scattered.	Go see it, even if it's smutty.	Up until its final moments, 'The Dreamers' is all too aptly titled. ...two hours of lusciously photographed lollygagging...	The venue for Pitt's marvelous coming-out performance.	Who else but Sartre-reading, Fellini-watching wannabe-sophisticated 15-year-olds will find this film intriguing?	Though lushly atmospheric, The Dreamers doesn't engage or provoke as much as it should.
A thrilling, expertly assembled argument against regime change.	It's as if somebody had had a camcorder in hand when Julius Caesar was slain in the Roman Forum. History doesn't get any more real or vital than this.	Does an excellent job of showing how powerful television has become in getting one's message across... as well as how easily television and some creative editing can manipulate that very message.	It gives us a sense of Venezuela's political and social climate in April 2002, and in that regard it is most fascinating.	A rough-edged work of journalism that is as gripping as a thriller.	The Revolution Will Not Be Televised is as persuasive and engrossing as it is unapologetically biased.
The movie never gets around to answering its central question: namely, why has Mr. Franken decided to go to Washington?	cheated of some much-needed integrity	...there is enough funny stuff transpiring that even some non-fans will be entertained.	The film is most compelling for its suggestion of how politics and showbiz are at once incestuously entwined and, perhaps, irreconcilably different.	... best viewed as an investigation of the phenomenon of ideological celebrity, with Mr. Franken as a willing case study.	This documentary traces Franken's transformation from humorist to activist with entertaining, if uneven, results.
Zippy, stylish fun.	Shows just how good, and mindless, a biker flick can be.	Torque plays like a mall-friendly version of a Russ Meyer movie, processed through Westerns, The Warriors and current teen culture.	It's acceptable to use CGI to enhance the action, but this movie takes it over the line. When everything is artificial, it's impossible to create excitement or suspense.	An expeditious ending keeps Torque from ever really wearing out its welcome, but if that's the best that can be said about it, perhaps it's better left unsaid.	Silly and noisy, Torque is stylish fun for the MTV crowd.
Great buddy movie. Will and Martin act like old time friends, and the action is intense.	Ultra-stylish buddy-cop comedy benefits from a few strong chuckles and lots of high-end mayhem.	A frantically slick and thoroughly enjoyable extravaganza.	A good half-hour's worth of nonsense in the middle keeps Bad Boys from being little better than a break- even proposition.	Given how much good Bad Boys is going to do for Martin Lawrence's feature career, it's a pity the film couldn't do any more for itself.	Bad Boys stars Will Smith and Martin Lawrence have enjoyable chemistry; unfortunately, director Michael Bay too often drowns it out with set pieces and explosions in place of an actual story.
Starts out strong but things get a little wonky toward the finale. Sadly, the film is far too married to the faux trailer footage.	The trouble with Rodriguez is that, while full of ideas, he sometimes struggles to balance quantity with quality. For all its manic action, Machete feels strained and oddly familiar.	Disreputable without being outright sleazy.	Machite.	While it's well made and Danny Trejo is an amazing presence on screen, the sustained over-the-top violence becomes tiresome.	Machete is messy, violent, shallow, and tasteless -- and that's precisely the point of one of the summer's most cartoonishly enjoyable films.
Infused with mystery, tragedy and humor, serving as a genealogical study and Greek tragedy wrapped in one, it's a fine achievement of bold, deeply felt cinema.	Director Denis Villeneuve has adapted the play (with the English title Scorched) by Wajdi Mouawad with riveting cinematic images.	A staggering political drama that could put you in mind of the intimate sweep of Bernardo Bertolucci, Incendies feels like a mighty movie in our midst.	Incendies remains fundamentally didactic, particularly in its stunning final revelations.	A mystery, a melodrama, a prison film, and a love story, "Incendies'' is foremost a scream of rage at a society destroyed by religion and by men.	It's messy, overlong, and a touch melodramatic, but those flaws pale before Incendies' impressive acting and devastating emotional impact.
You have to admire Jean-Pierre Melville's ambition to make a sophisticated "b-movie" that is moody, intelligent and consistently engaging.	Stylish, meticulous and moody, thanks largely to the work of cinematographer Henri Decae.	Witty chatter and cool atmospherics may be familiar stuff to anyone who has watched a crime movie or three. But this is where this kind of business began.	A glistening gem among caper movies.	Even at its excessive length it is well done and worth seeing.	Melville is at the top of his game, giving us his next-to-last entry into the world of deception, crime, and extreme suspense that made him a maestro of the French heist genre.
You come away from the film feeling grateful and happy %u2014 and scrambling for superlatives to shower on that subversive snugglebug Ellen Page...	Could have played up the subversive, satirical possibilities of the scenario, but [Diablo Cody's] first script is too smart, her affection for her characters too strong, to mistreat the story and its inhabitants so.	Even if you knew nothing of Juno going in, it's easy to pick up on the fact that the movie's voice is unlike any you've heard in a while -- it's totally fresh, in every sense of the word.	Fierce without being cruel, sweet without becoming saccharine, and never short of hilarious, it's not only the best comedy of the year, but one of the best films, period.	Seria fantástico se as pessoas conversassem, em seu dia-a-dia, como os personagens de Juno, construindo diálogos que combinam uma estrutura elegante com um conteúdo rico em referęncias e um humor cortante e preciso.	One of the brightest, funniest comedies of the year, Juno's smart script and direction are matched by assured performances in a coming of age story with a 21st century twist.
There are fewer laughs and more lectures... but there's plenty of sass and soul in between.	Perry enters into the arena of soap opera with a melodrama that often makes little sense, content to luxuriate in its heart-tugging suds without offering much in the way of logic.	The script isn't much better than Perry's Madea's Family Reunion... but it helps that Perry doesn't show up in the crass, cross-dressing role of Madea and that he has hired some excellent actors.	Perry gets better at directing every time he tries.	Cottage-industry independent filmmaker Tyler Perry fumbles with this family drama about Monty (Idris Elba), a salt-of-the-earth car mechanic and father of three girls trying to win a custody battle with his lowlife ex-wife.	Daddy's Little Girls boasts fine performances and a poignant message, but is ultimately let down by amateurish filmmaking.
Great films like Osama, thoughtfully considered, give us the ability to withhold blanket judgments and come that much closer to the truth.	A must-see import.	Preaches to a very large choir, but does it with sober righteousness.	Its central performance by young Marina Golbahari registers a terrorized and unforgettable personal response to pervasive mass intimidation.	A harrowing look at a disturbingly recent time that seems more rooted in a barbaric, distant past.	Osama is bitterly honest, deeply disturbing, and utterly worth watching.
The stakes may be low, but the experience is authentic ...	An impressive debut feature, Gimme the Loot is also an unusual take on characters who want to leave their stamp on "the city that never sleeps."	A movie about teenage taggers in the Bronx should be fast and raw, scruffy and loose, and Adam Leon's Gimme the Loot is just that.	... 'Gimme the Loot' isn't the kind of film where a lot happens, but that's it's small-scale magic ...	I see so many independent movies that sometimes, when an indie movie comes along that really is independent -- that is to say, when it offers up a fresh new way of seeing -- I blink twice.	Thanks to energetic performances from its young leads, Gimme The Loot captures a slice of city life with warmth and exuberance.
It's a bit creepy, since [Dennis's] "quirks" are an unaddressed cry for help in this generic tonal mess that switches to light rom-com mode whenever any of its complicated-fatherhood drama starts to get too realistically sobering.	It's hard to take this look at foster care and adoption seriously.	Heartfelt, but uninspired, the film follows a plodding, predictable path that does not deviate for a second from what the viewer expects.	Poorly adapted from David Gerrold's acclaimed autobiographical novel, this sappy comedy-drama about a widower who adopts a special-needs child makes a number of key changes and consequently misses the point of Gerrold's heart-tugging tale.	It's a well-intended psychological drama, but Meyjes is too afraid to permit the film any darkness...a patchy creation, bouncing between sincere questions of homestead stability and fluffy sitcom montages set to ELO hits.	Despite some charms, overt emotional manipulation and an inconsistent tone prevents Martian Child from being the heartfelt dramedy it aspires to be.
...a deeply immersive experience, one that made me feel like a sense-deprived stranger in an unfamiliar world.	The film's second half descends into increasingly explicit and shocking displays of violence, and, in fact, all of The Tribe is defined by either overheated emotions or extreme actions.	A sad, shocking and undeniably harrowing dramatic reflection of Ukraine with the searing truthful lens of a stylistic documentary treatment (at times similar to that of Austrian auteur Ulrich Seidl).	It's a staggering film, but not a brilliant one - a superior version would have played more with the gulf between our senses and theirs.	The many characters introduced as "The Tribe" may be nameless, but you get to know all of them and their motivations, criminal and otherwise.	A bleak, haunting drama whose wordless dialogue speaks volumes, The Tribe is a bold, innovative take on silent films for a contemporary audience.
I kept wishing for another scene with Mulgarath in the form of Nolte, because, well, you can never have enough Nolte, and because his particular brand of kinetic insanity would have been just what the movie needed to shake up its clockwork smoothness.	Young moviegoers will like the way the film empowers their cinematic peers in this battle of good against evil, though smaller children will probably be scared out of their wits.	If you're going to compete in an arena already owned by the "Harry Potter" and "Narnia" franchises, you'd better enter that fray determined to show you can compete favorably with them. And that's where "Spiderwick" runs into trouble.	We just don't get good children's entertainment like this anymore...	Seen through the eyes of a child, this adaptation my lack originality but is fast paced, contains enough fantasy to balance the family drama and is, at times, very scary.	The Spiderwick Chronicles is an entertaining children's adventure, with heart and imagination to spare.
Since Book of Secrets doesn't take its faux-intricate story seriously, there's no reason this review should either.	As long as it's galloping along, the movie's perfectly good popcorn -- in itself a rarity these days -- but eventually you get down to the burnt kernels at the bottom of the bag.	This diminishing-returns sequel sends Nicolas Cage on another quest to strike it rich, get young auds excited about history and solve puzzles that are generally less stimulating than yesterday's Sudoku.	There's some fun...but the budding franchise seems already out of steam.	Some of Book of Secrets is quite ridiculous, but in a film that plays fast and loose with history and reality, nothing is impossible.	A talented cast goes to waste in the improbable National Treasure: Book of Secrets, which is eerily similar to the first film.
Intelligent, exquisitely acted though ultimately unengaging.	More a history lesson than bio-pic -- but is well worth seeing for its supporting performances.	Mann has emerged with only a few cuts and bruises, while Smith, to paraphrase his character, hasn't a mark.	Raging Bull is artistically superior, but the fight scenes in Ali are just as visceral and more technically accomplished.	Dazzling, flawed, achingly ambitious.	Though perhaps no film could fully do justice to the fascinating life and personality of Muhammad Ali, Mann's direction and Smith's performance combine to pack a solid punch.
A series of rough and tumble encounters with life in London guaranteed to charm and delight children from 5 to 55 that raises family fare to a new level of entertainment value.	The movies can still be worth it, despite considerable evidence to the contrary. If you need proof, look no further than Paddington.	What's so magical about this setup is the perfectly British attitude: No one is fazed by Paddington's ability to speak, stand on two legs and discuss the moral consequences of one's actions.	Paddington is a good kind of sweet, a slightly unusual sweet.	This delightful live-action adaptation of the series of children's books by Michael Bond has a relaxed pace that shows affection for both its title character and his audience.	Paddington brings a beloved children's character into the 21st century without sacrificing his essential charm, delivering a family-friendly adventure as irresistibly cuddly as its star.
Epic filmmaking at its most lushly romantic	The film runs for 161 minutes and does not have a strongly defined narrative.	Long and tedious at times, but Redford and Streep shine.	As the Academy found before awarding it seven Oscars, it is easy to be seduced by the lush cinematography and Barry's score. More difficult to tolerate is the slushy love story between Streep and Redford.	The movie is not drama and far from a compelling romance. Needless to say, the prestige and technical polish on display here were enough to win this flick a passel of Oscars.	Though lensed with stunning cinematography and featuring a pair of winning performances from Meryl Streep and Robert Redford, Out of Africa suffers from excessive length and glacial pacing.
In The Dead Zone, Cronenberg's visual sense isn't as evident, but his smart choices in letting Stephen King's compelling story unfold without excessive distractions more than makes up for it.	One of King's better cinematic adaptations.	By no means a bad film, just a disappointingly bland and superficial one.	Despite the reputation of both Stephen King and director Cronenberg (Videodrome, Scanners) there is very little blood and gore in this film.	Cronenberg tells the story with measured strokes and a sure emotional touch as well as nifty blasts of horror.	The Dead Zone combines taut direction from David Cronenberg and and a rich performance from Christopher Walken to create one of the strongest Stephen King adaptations.
This film is dark as night but great fun, taking teen issues by the scruff of the neck and holding them up as the rather unpleasant exhibits they are.	A super-smart black comedy about high school politics and teenage suicide that showcases a host of promising young talents.	An amazing black satire filled with vicious biting words that snap like firecrackers.	fantastic	The points it makes about the violence-prone absurdity of American adolescence are perhaps even more incisive today than they were [in 1989].	Dark, cynical, and subversive, Heathers gently applies a chainsaw to the conventions of the high school movie -- changing the game for teen comedies to follow.
Creative, much less tragic take on classic love story.	...possibly the worst animated feature ever to be distributed under the Disney banner.	There's nothing here as clever as you find in Pixar fare, or Dreamwork's successful Shrek franchise, although co-writer/director Kelly Asbury did helm the Oscar-nominated Shrek 2.	A hit, a very palpable hit.	Though a stodgy script means the people at DreamWorks and Pixar won't be having any sleepless nights, there's still much to like about this colourful "gnomance" for kids.	While it has moments of inspiration, Gnomeo and Juliet is often too self-referential for its own good.
The entire enterprise is more annoyingly quirky-perky than truly sexy or psychologically probing.	Sad and often laugh-out-loud funny.	[B]racing bursts of unlikely honesty in overlapping vignettes about five couples, their sexual hopes, fetishes and downfalls, with a sequence of endings that come together in a ravishingly sustained comic climax.	Sex comedies work best with light touch, and as the ponderous title (a literal translation of the French term for orgasm) indicates, Australian writer-director Josh Lawson mostly doesn't have it.	In the end, the film doesn't work.	The Little Death may appeal to fans of dark, risqué comedy, but it's ultimately too rough and uneven to hang together as a wholly satisfying viewing experience.
Infuriatingly obscure...a bit of rarefied madness that proves that Maddin's films are an acquired taste most of us are unlikely ever to acquire.	The script is hilarious and the cast, particularly McKinney and Fox, are superb.	A deliciously weirded-out picture by Guy Maddin, a deliciously weirded-out Canadian filmmaker.	I got a strong sense of Guy Maddin's sense of his own talent, but I'm not as convinced as he is.	You're left, as with certain vivid dreams, filled with memorable images but not completely able to account for what you just experienced.	Guy Maddin perfectly recreates the look and feel of a 1930s in this bizarre picture.
Like a good college education itself, A Beautiful Mind broadens your perspective on life.	Here's hoping that the Academy Awards recognize this articulate, intensely entertaining gem. A Beautiful Mind would indeed be a terrible thing to waste.	Russell Crowe steals the show as John Nash, the 1994 Nobel Prize winner for economics	Formula Hollywood at the top of its form.	Howard smashes through the conventions of the damaged-hero tale to recount the struggle of one man to stand upright on quaking ground.	The well-acted A Beautiful Mind is both a moving love story and a revealing look at mental illness.
Nothing but glossy fluff.	Flashdance might be considered one of the first signs of Hollywood's Apocalypse.	A stylish, fast-paced let's-get-physical movie	As far as date movies go, this is effective enough, especially the scene where Beals demonstrates how to change her top without taking off her sweater.	Depressing to think that this was a huge hit on the back of the Irene Cara hit single, since there's absolutely nothing to it.	All style and very little substance, Flashdance boasts eye-catching dance sequences -- and benefits from an appealing performance from Jennifer Beals -- but its narrative is flat-footed.
Getting the extraordinary physical specimen of Arnold Schwarzenegger for the lead was a stroke of genius and a stroke of fortune. Each of his pecs is the size of a bull's flank.	Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something more brooding, even prayerful.	The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package.	Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries.	The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening.	With its impressive action sequences, taut economic direction, and relentlessly fast pace, it's clear why The Terminator continues to be an influence on sci-fi and action flicks.
a historic relic most significant for being part of the Heston sci-fi genre and its landmark place in interracial sexual relationships.	Averagely competent exercise in comic strip sci-fi.	A fondly remembered sci-fi thriller	Lights on! Not bad sci-fi with Heston in hiding.	Another misfired adaptation of Richard Matheson's fine science fiction novel I Am Legend.	It may not live up to its classic source material, but The Omega Man transcends its limitations often enough to offer some mildly entertaining post-apocalyptic thrills.
let your mind go, forgive the wear and tear of time and enjoy the adventure	The visual effects are clearly the only thing here that's worth bothering with.	Clash of the Titans will still hold a place in the heart of anyone who's old enough to have seen it in the theaters. Yes, I'm that old.	Teenage boys will love it, but the rest of us will be frustrated by the storytelling, the shaky camerawork and the dubiously effective 3D presentation, which distracts more than it offers	Though star-packed the film is sleep inducing.	A goofy, old-school sword-and-sandal epic, Clash of the Titans mines Greek mythology for its story and fleshes it out with Ray Harryhausen's charmingly archaic stop-motion animation techniques.
A rather plodding movie.	A consistently entertaining and occasionally gut-wrenching tale that deserves at least some measure of notice.	Hayek is a standard-issue femme fatale, damaged on the inside but flawless on the surface.	Noir-ish murder tale is far too dark for kids.	Vastly miscast (particularly Salma Hayek) and dramatically uninvolving, this third version of the 1940s real-life murderous couple is inferior to both Leonard Kastle's 1970 cult film Honeymoon Killers and Arturo Ripstein's 1996 Mexican adaptation.	Several genres and plotlines intertwine in Lonely Hearts but don't connect, creating an uneven and unsatisfying film.
An adult focus upon a questionable pairing sidesteps the raincoat crowd and offers a telling, reflective study of learning the hard way.	Scherfig and Hornby have a winningly droll sense of humor, but the main reason to see An Education is because they treat viewers as if they were as intelligent as Jenny.	Odds have it, as of this writing, that the Best Actress Oscar race will probably come down to Meryl Streep versus Sandra Bullock, but neither of them carries their respective movie quite as ably as Mulligan does here.	Lone Scherfig's direction is glum. We're so clued in to what's really going on that we never share Jenny's authentic excitement at being introduced to art, music, and exotic locales.	Few people who walk out of this movie will be able to forget Carey Mulligan's Jenny ... finds many layers in the way it explores the world at that time.	Though the latter part of the film may not appeal to all, An Education is a charming coming-of-age tale powered by the strength of relative newcomer Carey Mulligan's standout performance.
Pic looks very much like a protracted man-of-the-week spot on a local newscast.	An extraordinary documentary about a talented African-American, a garden of exquisite beauty and love, and a community that has been brought to life by his artistry, enthusiasm,and generosity.	Unlike so many documentaries that exploit stereotypes of Southern ignorance, the people of Bishopville come off as intelligent and articulate, with an acute awareness of their shortcomings in the evolution toward more equitable race relations.	One of those hidden treasures of the art house that it's your duty to seek out.	The film's hero is charismatic: modest, thoughtful, well-spoken, pointing out he achieved remarkable things because he didn't know he wasn't supposed to be able to do them.	Though it lacks moviemaking polish, A Man Named Pearl is redeemed by the interest -- and uplift -- generated by its subject.
If Brooks' attempts to replicate the magic of About a Boy weren't obvious by the end credits, the Badly Drawn Boy song will drive the point home.	You're telling me that the script dreams up a main character who attends the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1992, and he has no idea who Nirvana is? The screenwriter clearly wasn't doing his homework.	More how Harry met Sally than when, the above average Definitely, Maybe may not be destined to be a great comedy classic, but this valentine earns every sweet and believable moment.	Who will our unlucky in love protagonist ultimately choose? Even if one correctly surmises, the journey is filled with quietly humorous and engaging moments.	Definitely is definitely not the best rom-com ever, though maybe one of the better ones Hollywood churns out this year.	With a clever script and charismatic leads, Definitely, Maybe is a refreshing entry into the romantic comedy genre.
Scott's cinematic fiction captivated me as completely as its title character won the soul of Rome.	It is undeniably a triumph, muscular and entertaining.	Crowe confirms his position as one of the best star character actors around.	A beautiful looking piece of work.	Scott...has delivered the first Roman Empire epic in more than 30 years and it's a doozy.	Ridley Scott and an excellent cast successfully convey the intensity of Roman gladitorial combat as well as the political intrigue brewing beneath.
An almost perfect movie.	The movie ends with a scene so tender, it literally transports you to another world.	Keira's cat-smile suggests such supernal all-knowingness that, with Austen's adapted dialogue (via Deborah Moggach) tripping off her tongue, she comes off as an eighteenth-century Maureen Dowd.	One of the greatest love stories ever written, and at nearly 200 years old it's aged very, very well.	Stilted yet sentimental, the melodrama leaves one feeling more depressed than elated, and Keira Knightley is far too beautiful to be anyone's 2nd choice.	Sure, it's another adaptation of cinema's fave Jane Austen novel, but key performances and a modern filmmaking sensibility make this familiar period piece fresh and enjoyable.
Cashback is light, smart, and enjoyable, and it makes me eager to see what Ellis has planned for his next outing.	Isn't nearly as good as Ellis' original short, being little more than a series of vignettes masquerading as a feature film.	There's a lot of promise here, but Cashback can't get out of its own way.	Apparently unsure whether to make an arty romantic fantasy ŕ la Amelie or something that might go down better with the readers of FHM, British first-timer Sean Ellis tries to do both.	A smart, funny film, one that does a good job of conveying some of the struggles faced by young males who are smart, lacking in self-assurance, and just a bit aimless.	An unlikable protagonist, messy editing, and gratuitous nudity might make audiences ask for their cash back.
Cruelly efficient yet ethically questionable, Buried jangles the nerves but gets into trouble when it aspires to political topicality.	Buried is remarkably cinematic, and the confined space opens up in ways you wouldn't think possible.	Buried is a brutal, relentless, mind-numbing thriller whose last five minutes will leave you absolutely breathless.	This is shrewdly considered and edited genre work, spiced -- bitterly -- with the right variety of complication.	A brilliantly twisted suspense thriller that would have made Alfred Hitchcock proud.	Wringing a seemingly impossible amount of gripping drama out of its claustrophobic premise, Buried is a nerve-wracking showcase for Ryan Reynolds' talent.
There just isn't any sparkle in any of the lead perfs.	A mostly funny, sometimes sentimentally nostalgic look at the last days of the greatest days of most of our lives.	Kaplan and Elfont provide a real public service by showing how underage binge drinking can boost bookish students' social lives.	Surprisingly well-realized teen party film.	It's mostly broad comedy. Not that there's anything wrong with that, just that it's all been done before.	Occasionally clever and moderately intelligent, Can't Hardly Wait also contains too many cheap laughs, recycled plotting, and flat characters.
The real star of the film is young Moretz, whose caped crusader "Hit Girl" is one of the baddest super heroes to grace the screen.	This adaptation of Mark Millar's comic books has enough biting wit and bone crunching action to justify the title.	The sensitive will surely faint in horror, but there's something incredibly thrilling about a little girl who can mow down a room full of big men with big guns.	A ridiculously entertaining, perfectly paced, ultra-violent cinematic rush that kicks the places other movies struggle to reach.	Beware, beware of films designed to tickle Comic Book Guy's undercarriage	Not for the faint of heart, Kick-Ass takes the comic adaptation genre to new levels of visual style, bloody violence, and gleeful profanity.
Although it hits many of the same notes as other recent musical docs, Beware of Mr. Baker nevertheless does a satisfactory job of capturing a restless personality.	Bleakly entertaining, Beware of Mr Baker neither eulogises nor patronises its subject; one day (though possibly not soon), Baker may take it upon himself to say thanks.	An interesting character study interspersed with classic rock, jazz and Afrobeat clips. Nothing more, but certainly nothing less.	This straightforward yet insightful documentary pays tribute to its subject without resorting to hagiography.	"Beware of Mr. Baker" is comprehensive, if somewhat overly glowing.	Free of the hagiographic overtones that dog many documentary profiles, Beware of Mr. Baker presents a clear-eyed, thoroughly gripping look at one of rock's greatest -- and most personally problematic -- musicians.
Manages somehow to be rather endearing.	A routine slasher, and not a particularly scary one.	Those of us with brain cells, however, will spit out this Scream retread like it was spider-egg-laced bubble gum.	Someone took their love of urban legends one step too far!	The concept is sound, but it's gruesomely marred in the execution.	Elements of Scream reappear in a vastly inferior vehicle.
A decidedly average film with flashes of inspiration.	A crappy teen horror movie, but in director Robert Rodriguez's hands it's at least agreeably crappy.	Will there a bigger, better blast of pure, unpretentious, popcorn entertainment this holiday season? Not bloody likely.	This smart, involving sci-fi picture, set in an Ohio high school, pays homage to several genre faves, notably Invasion of the Body Snatchers and The Thing.	A zesty, charming sci-fi horror-thriller with better performances and far better production values than you'd expect.	Rip-off of other sci-fi thrillers.
Ferrell polishes his screen image as an oversized, oversensitive man-boy out of place in the adult world, and Duvall does a low-comedy, geriatric variation of his Great Santini character.	Trapped inside the seemingly harmless veneer of a PG-rated kid's movie lies a mischievous little devil of a film...	Ferrell fiddles with different kinds of jokes as if he were trying on shoes.	Once Phil's repressed indignities emerge as a caffeine-fueled rage that makes Ditka tremble, Kicking & Screaming shoves Ferrell into the wacky-land where he excels.	With a formula film, you have to have just the right ingredients to make it work. In the case of Kicking & Screaming, that's Will Ferrell.	The script is mediocre and fails to give Ferrell a proper comedic showcase.
I Am Legend is a grenade that goes off when least expected. It has more horror than heart, but it is never boring.	I Am Legend is far from a feel-good film; it's a familiar (for fans of Stephen King's The Stand or Heston's Omega Man) post-apocalyptic adventure rife with chills and hopelessness.	Reasonably absorbing.	Lawrence's film is probably the most fun audiences will likely have during this holiday season. But it's also the emptiest and most calculated of efforts...	Issues of depth aside, this is as distracting an event movie as there's been all year. But it's the stuff of multiplex, not legend.	I Am Legend overcomes questionable special effects and succeeds largely on the strength of Will Smith's mesmerizing performance.
simply one of the finest documentaries I have ever seen ... This is an important, vital piece of filmmaking, and one that takes the artform to a new and altogether fascinating place.	The Missing Picture is a unique documentary that poignantly tells a harrowing account of life under Pol Pot's dictatorship, but it lacks essential structure and visual magnetism, making it feel as if its running time is much longer than 92 minutes.	The audacity of "The Missing Picture" - a brilliant documentary about a child who held on to life in Cambodia's killing fields - is equaled only by its soulfulness.	Devastating.	With sober eloquence, the filmmaker lays out the arrival of the Khmer Rouge, the philosophy used to justify their crimes, and the slow slipping away of his family, each member claimed by this horrible social experiment.	Thrillingly unorthodox and emotionally searing without being didactic, The Missing Picture is a uniquely poignant documentary -- and so much more.
Crowe doesn't paint an idealistic picture of rock in the early '70s, he paints a real one.	...funny, joyous, touching, and moving...a very personal film and a most-universal one combined.	The music is great, the concert footage is energetic and John Toll's cinematography is luscious. A completely entertaining film.	A triumph of personal filmmaking ... because it exhibits the care and specificity of an artist working through his own mind, not through a committee's idea of what a movie should be.	To say that Crowe tells his sometimes silly and sordid tale of '70s rock debauchery with a non-cynical, hardly sensational posture is to explain why the rock road picture works so well.	Almost Famous, with its great ensemble performances and story, is a well-crafted, warm-hearted movie that successfully draws you into its era.
Big mistake.	It was worth the wait.	This must be the most belated sequel the movies have produced.	An exhilarating animation concert.	A minor disappointment.	It provides an entertaining experience for adults and children alike.
Almost as funny as it is offensive.	No one is spared the movie's raunchy political incorrectness.	Soul Plane is like seeing an uncomfortably unfunny stand-up comedy routine acted out and stretched to a feature-length film.	A slapdash affair that pitches jokes at all races, creeds and stupidities, but it turns casualness into a virtue.	Rowdy and funny, Soul Plane's sense of humor is often sharper than what most people would expect.	A raunchy sendup of Airplane! that never really takes off.
Doesn't ascribe morality so much as paint a picture of confusion, anger, and desperation.	There's much to provoke thought about the motivations of these self-destructive terrorists.	Viewers of all persuasions can find a human perspective on an aspect of terrorism that, no matter how often it occurs, is beyond imagining for most of us.	Un film duro, polйmico y bien realizado, que promueve el debate sobre un conflicto aъn por resolver.	Paradise Now is an agonized inquiry into the minds of a dispossessed new generation of Palestinians, who come off more introspective and internally divided than you'd think.	This film delves deeply into the minds of suicide bombers, and the result is unsettling.
Weekend settles into an intentionally minor-key groove, caught somewhere between bracingly direct honesty and cringingly mumbly pretense.	It is a tender, humane film, with an easy, unforced cinematic language: a film that doesn't need to try too hard.	There's a fresh, sweaty, honest, unpretentious air to it, and when they part, with Glen on his way to spend a year working in Portland, Oregon, we genuinely believe that something like love has come into their yearning lives.	The most powerful, honest and engrossing romantic drama since Before Sunrise .	For a movie that bares the souls of its characters so completely, Weekend doesn't unfold like a complicated movie. The dialogue is natural, the sex scenes are tender, and the camera never gets in the way of the story.	It may be a chamber piece but Weekend's revelations on modern sexuality expand far beyond the modest setting.
For all its provocativeness, Lake of Fire is not a shapeless movie, nor a politically irresponsible one.	When the focus narrows to the personal, the film becomes undeniably powerful in its specifics.	Along with Kay's masterful compositions, effulgent black and white cinematography elevates the material over typical documentary filmmaking.	No one will have an easy time of it with Lake of Fire, a work of profound anguish centered on the abortion rights debate.	You may not leave the theater having switched sides, but you'll probably respect the other side more, and that in itself would be a victory for human life.	Lake of Fire's engaging interviews and powerful black-and-white visuals make for a riveting and honest documentary about a very controversial topic.
The film is worth seeing, but it won't hold a cherished place in your moviegoing memories.	Polanski's take will spark debate among Dickens lovers, but audiences won't respond as warmly as they have to Lean's classic.	Oliver Twist is an affecting and refreshing adaptation of Dickens seminal work from a master director.	Is it possible that a film made in 1948 and by David Lean could exceed the darkness and controversy of a Roman Polanski picture? After watching the newest screen version of Oliver Twist, the answer is yes.	(Roman) Polanski orchestrates this well-worn chestnut with the same high level of expertise that won him an Oscar for The Pianist in 2002.	Polanski's version of Dickens' classic won't have audiences asking for more because while polished and directed with skill, the movie's a very impersonal experience.
As both a simian simile and a wonder of technology, Rise of the Planet of the Apes deserves to be in the company of the great original Kong.	A movie that opens as well as this one does-and draws you in so effectively-ought to have a finale that doesn't remind you of cheesy monster movies from years past. On the other hand, the visual effects in are so astonishing that I have to...	Thanks to the eye-popping performance-capture technology developed for Avatar and another astonishing primate performance by Andy Serkis, Rise puts across its fantasy so convincingly that you're swept away - and chilled - as the story unfolds.	One of the longest advertisements for PETA I've seen since 101 Dalmatians. Only, you know, not nearly as much fun.	Rise a worthy addition to Apes saga.	Led by Rupert Wyatt's stylish direction, some impressive special effects, and a mesmerizing performance by Andy Serkis, Rise of the Planet of the Apes breathes unlikely new life into a long-running franchise.
Absolutely fascinating doco about the secret life of Vivian Maier, a plain-looking Chicago nanny who secretly took hundreds of thousands of street photographs during her life without telling or showing anyone.	This may be the most pleasurable 83 minutes you will spend in a theater this year.	This consistently intriguing doc reveals a woman who was eccentric, abrasive and soulful. Maier may still be an enigma, but those riddles have now been developed into a fascinating picture.	Maier may not have been pleased that the world now knows about her, but "Finding Vivian Maier" persuasively argues that the world of photography is the better for it.	An aptly obsessive study of obsession.	Narratively gripping, visually striking, and ultimately thought-provoking, Finding Vivian Maier shines an overdue spotlight on its subject's long-hidden brilliance.
It brings us to a place we'd never see otherwise, gives us a poignant lesson in the difficulties of saving those who seem doomed, and reminds us how beauty can exist even in the ugliest of places and circumstances.	If the film itself is not stellar, the humanitarian efforts it documents are. In this case, the content is more noble than the way it's presented.	This is a film about our world that deserves the attention and the audience that Michael Moore's films command.	The drama lies in watching [the children's] artistic educations sharpen their sense of self, change the way they observe the world, and affect their painful, squalid environment.	"There is nothing called hope in my future." Click. Oh yeah, bring a tissue.	A powerful and uplifting documentary.
Moore should have bowed out after the superb "Octopussy", but this is still a pretty good time at the movies.	This one, directed by John Glen, just follows the numbers, plodding from one unimaginative set piece to the next.	This time around, 007 is a paunchy old man looking like he needs to retire. The film has little energy, thrills or fun, which is essential for a Bond film. The series has now reached an all time low.	The film also fails on other traditional Bond levels. For example, the gadgets. Zorin and his gang have an inflatable dirigible, but so what? The key to the best Bond gadgets has been that they were something you might want to own yourself.	It is exhausted and exhausting, an old joke retold once too often.	Absurd even by Bond standards, A View to a Kill is weighted down by campy jokes and a noticeable lack of energy.
Sure, there are plenty of good moments here to elicit active enjoyment.	Hanks is, again, the best of men in difficult circumstances.	Consistently captivating.	Maravillosa historia acerca de los hombres y sus relaciones, sus miedos y sus sueńos	As a film, The Green Mile's simplicity is both its charm and its deception.	Though The Green Mile is long, critics say it's an absorbing, emotionally powerful experience.
Even 3-D technology can't inject a much-needed extra dimension to The Last Airbender.	Would it be more accurate to call this The Last Shyamalan Movie?	The Last Airbender is not just a flop, it's a big-budget flop, and it's a throwback to that grand old genre, the movie that's so bad that it's bad.	A boring, nauseating blockbuster filled with poor editing, painfully wooden acting, unrelenting dullness, and unimpressive special effects. It's so bad that it's gone past good and back to bad again.	The Last Airbender completes writer/co-producer/director M. Night Shyamalan's fall from grace; once regarded as the most exciting talent in film, he now sits pretty as the laughing stock of Hollywood.	The Last Airbender squanders its popular source material with incomprehensible plotting, horrible acting, and detached joyless direction.
The balancing act of character contradictions ultimately becomes more about itself than true human behavior.	A slight film enlivened by Adams' winning performance.	Morrison and his cast approach this familiar story with such understated intelligence, we don't even realize they've pulled the rug out from under the audience until we've tumbled to the floor, clichés scattered in pieces around us.	Director Phil Morrison and screenwriter Angus MacLachlan, both from North Carolina, give us characters that ring true and a worthy portrait of the chasm between city and country.	An arthouse Meet The Parents, Junebug explores the same territory with greater subtlety and complexity, and more chuckles and quiet smiles, instead of big comedy routines.	Aided and abetted by a wonderful cast, director Phil Morrison transforms familiar material into an understated and resonant comedy.
It is moving to know that a film can be so entertaining, and almost a third of a century after its release, it still stands tall above almost every contemporary comedy and every pretentious twit who moans about films that 'have nothing to say'.	You don't need to be a WWII vet to feel the glee as the movie invites us to dance on Hitler's grave.	An anarchic reminder that laughter can be mightier than the sword.	I suppose you could call it a time capsule. Then again, Brooks' Broadway blockbuster may prove that blustery bad taste is timeless ... Ferrell is so ferociously over the top, I hope the other cast members all got rabies shots.	This is one of the funniest movies ever made.	A hilarious satire of the business side of Hollywood, The Producers is one of Mel Brooks' finest, as well as funniest films, featuring standout performances by Gene Wilder and Zero Mostel.
While 'The Temple of Doom' is a bit gloomy, puts children in danger, and confines its action primarily to one spot, it's still quite entertaining. (Blu-ray edition)	Everything bad in Temple of Doom is the fault of the insipid script, and everything good belongs to Spielberg, Ford, and that funny little Asian kid.	...it's cathartic as hell, for Spielberg and for those of us who go for the ride. The mayhem is transporting, inspired, exultant...	It's not the darker turn that makes The Temple of Doom uncomfortable at times; it's its mean-spiritedness.	[T]he best of the Indiana Jones movies...it's insanely wonderful, in every sense of those words.	It may be too "dark" for some, but Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom remains an ingenious adventure spectacle that showcases one of Hollywood's finest filmmaking teams in vintage form.
Carrere playfully adapts his own novel for his feature debut and makes the interesting decision to show the film's events entirely through Marc's perspective.	...a movie about identity and marriage that raises many questions and supplies many answers without actually giving any.	What the movie lacks visually, it makes up for with the performances, especially by Lindon, who leads us on a journey we want to stick with even if we can't fully understand.	An elegantly acted psychological puzzle, it's like watching a nervous breakdown from the inside out.	The Moustache provides a feast of sustained tension.	Though the premise may be modest on the surface, Carrere uses a man and his mustache that may or may not exist as a springboard into psychological suspense and unsettling questions.
There are enough characters here to populate a dozen movies, but not enough imagination for one.	This is definitely a case of a writer-turned-director that is too in love with his own script to make hard choices about what to keep and what to cut.	This movie contains everything except Bridget Jones, actually.	The movie feels like Curtis pasted together pages from his sketchbook, throwing every good -- or bad -- idea into a single film.	You'd have to be a terrible grump to not like Love Actually at least a little.	A sugary tale overstuffed with too many stories. Still, the cast charms.
Exhilarating. Hong's latest and most charmingly accessible drama [is] more honest about self-destructive obsessions, betrayals, and hypocrises than even a first-person confessional like Caveh Zahedi's I Am a Sex Addict.	Newcomers intoxicated by Hong's amorous pileups and power plays will hopefully treat the movie as the gateway to an incredible back catalog.	A richly satisfying film that compassionately probes the human heart while preserving its elusive mysteries.	A wonderful, serious-minded romantic comedy-drama about a film director's uncertain relations with two successive women while trying to write a script at an off-season beach resort, this is Korean buff favorite Hong Sang-soo's most accessible film.	Writer-director Hong Sang-soo, called the Asian Eric Rohmer by some, has crafted what may be his most accessible exploration of young adult relationships	Hong brings his usual light touch to this well-acted salvo in the battle of the sexes.
Even if the charming Jackman floats your boat, it's tough to swoon over Kate & Leopold.	Has the sex appeal of a Road Runner cartoon, one-tenth the laughs and equal plausibility.	Yes, it's sweet and enjoyable, but it's also a bit plodding.	The culture clashes you expect follow, but what isn't expected is how marvelous Jackman is in the role.	Too bad director/co-writer James Mangold ... couldn't come up with anything fresher and more worthy of Jackman's suave grace.	Though Jackman charms, Kate and Leopold is bland and predictable, and the time travel scenario lacks inner logic.
Angus MacLachlan's script never convinces, and John Curran's direction lacks energy.	Worth watching just to see the two heavyweights face off.	The best reason to see Stone, really, comes from Jovovich, who takes her opportunity to ditch the zombies and square off against the A-listers and absolutely wallops it out of the park.	[It ends] up subverting expectations by denying pleasure.	It presents us with four characters who are fascinating, specific and yet in some way unknowable, not like the usual characters in fiction but rather like people we might meet in life.	Stone boasts a cast that includes Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, and Milla Jovovich, and it features strong dialogue, but it's ultimately undone by its heavy-handed symbolism and overabundant plot twists.
Eagle Eye wants to be a little on the sci-fi side, but it's mostly just badly plotted and executed.	The cast is not the problem. They are are merely pawns in this cluttered, Ritalin-infused action film that stretches plausibility so often that it would be more accurately described as science fiction.	The film is a rag bag of concepts and characters from earlier, vastly better movies.	As well as being the most preposterously plotted action flick of this or any year, Eagle Eye is a prime example of technophobia at its most hypocritical.	The pic's first 35 minutes sizzle until a Byzantine plot nudges the story toward near-parody in the final act.	Eagle Eye is a preposterously plotted thriller that borrows heavily from other superior films.
The film's subtle brand of cerebral terror cuts sharper and deeper than anything found in a more conventional horror movie.	McKellen gives one of the year's great performances.	Tense, skillfully acted!	Drama in distress!	A methodically slow psychological thriller!	A somewhat disturbing movie that works as a suspenseful thriller, yet isn't completely satisfying.
At a meager 77 minutes, Tadpole is short and sweet and also very funny.	Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant.	A small, charming indie.	Stuffy, full of itself, morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about.	Tadpole was written in wisps and watery double-entendres by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller, and the movie is so benign that its proceedings are beside the point.	Slight, but good-natured and witty.
Fascinating doc about a photographer surveying the highs and lows of New York society.	A warm, lively portrait of the artist.	Those who pore over his fashion columns in the New York Times Style section will particularly appreciate this respectful look at a true local character.	A less good doc than last year's more honest and insightful Smash His Camera, about paparazzo Ron Galella.	"Bill Cunningham New York" is a day in the life and a look at the lifelong career of Boston-born Bill Cunningham. Here is a man whose job is to go out into Manhattan on his bicycle every working day to seek and find beauty.	Suffused with happiness and modest charm, Bill Cunningham New York offers a touching, gently humorous portrait of its subject without invading his jealously guarded privacy.
The ideas behind Meet The Fockers are the best part of this zany sequel to Meet The Parents, but getting Fockerised is not as funny as it should be.	[Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand] seem to have been waiting their whole careers to do unrestrained comedy, and they step into their roles with unparalleled enthusiasm.	Culture-clashing through the snow, in a one-joke open sleigh, Meet the Fockers goes, laughing all the way . . . to the bank.	And you thought your parents were embarrassing.	Hoffman and Streisand...are a wonderful addition to the comedic mix with their relaxed, laid back lifestyle and penchant for randy sex	Talented cast is wasted as the movie is content with recycling jokes from its predecessor, Meet the Parents.
I found the time spent not so proportionate to the powerful delivery, in the end...	After all the storyline conveniences kick in, this amnesia story becomes forgettable, implausible, regrettable and indigestible.	Unknown touches on the crisis, but director Jaume- Collet Serra and his screenwriters aren't serious enough or the action adept enough to fully articulate it.	When the dots are connected (sort of), Unknown still doesn't make much sense.	A paranoid thriller has to be more paranoid than this, with far more urgency to it, to work.	Liam Neeson elevates the proceedings considerably, but Unknown is ultimately too derivative -- and implausible -- to take advantage of its intriguing premise.
As a romantic comedy, it is ceaselessly unpleasant enough to make anyone consider the allure of living the rest of his or her days in asexual solitude.	Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.	I hated this movie. It's lazy, it's annoying, and it lasts a lifetime at 110 minutes.	It's one thing for the leads to not share believable romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not even striking believable negative vibes as a divorced couple.	Note to Jennifer Aniston: stop playing with your hair! That's not acting, it's playing with your hair.	Gerard Butler and Jennifer Aniston remain as attractive as ever, but The Bounty Hunter's formula script doesn't know what to do with them -- or the audience's attention.
Craven's writing starts out over the top and just keeps climbing ...	Though the movie's about some sort of eternal killer, the real culprit here is Craven, whose attempt to feed on his earlier successes results in a structurally slipshod and distinctly non-frightening pastiche.	A single-serving package of adrenaline that wears off quickly.	disappointing in the way it drags out its narrative to little effect, substituting cheap revelations and sometimes incoherent action for anything resembling the kind of innovation and verve that is the hallmark of Craven's best work	There's some malarkey about each kid having inherited one of the maniac's personalities, though Craven never does much with that except to point the finger of suspicion at junior.	Dull, joyless, and formulaic, My Soul to Take suggests writer/director Wes Craven ended his five-year filmmaking hiatus too soon.
A cautionary tale, but an edgy, compelling one that's often hard to watch and even harder to forget.	Seldom has teenage sexual awakening been covered from a female perspective - with a fickle alternating confidence, self-doubt and voracious appetite - quite so frankly or delicately.	Well-acted, well-written, well-considered, and very difficult to watch, this is a movie that challenges our expectations and makes us squirm in our seats, as though we're reading someone else's diary, when we know we shouldn't.	Equal parts sophisticated and childish, adventurous and fearful, Powley is astonishingly good as the anchor of writer/director Marielle Heller's uncompromising adaptation of Phoebe Gloeckner's novel.	Heller's nimble direction and clever script, based on Phoebe Gloeckner's semi-autobiographical graphic novel, ensure that the film never paints either Minnie or Monroe entirely as victim or predator.	Boldly unconventional and refreshingly honest, Diary of a Teenage Girl is a frank coming-of-age story that addresses its themes -- and its protagonist -- without judgment.
There are wrenching scenes that are brutally stark, yet there remains a steady sense of calm that is touching and sensitive without ever turning sentimental.	It's a very auspicious debut for this young Australian filmmaker.	The blooming puppy love between Thomas and Jackie lends The Black Balloon a welcome strain of tenderness. Mr. Wakefield and Ms. Ward project the innocence of shy, sensitive young people for whom a tentative shared kiss is a very big deal.	Wakefield anchors the well-paced quieter moments.	It's a well-meaning film, marked by Luke Ford's sensitive portrayal of a disabled character. But the main character is bland, imparting the same vibe on the rest of the film.	A tender and witty portrayal of a family coping with autism, The Black Balloon is heartfelt without being schmaltzy or moralizing.
...a muddled story that features an outstanding performance by Del Toro ...wrapped up in pretentious storytelling.	...raw and anguished performances...	A shimmering example of just how good Benicio Del Toro has become, as well as how bad Halle Berry has pretty much always been.	A lovable heroin addict helps a widow and her children cope with loss... Obvious and unconvincing...	The most remarkable thing about Things We Lost in the Fire is the fact that Susanne Bier came all the way from Denmark to make this movie.	Things We Lost in the Fire is a well-acted, beautifully filmed reflection on love, loss, addiction and recovery from life's obstacles.
The movie slows to a crawl as new obstacles and melodramas pile up like linemen on a quarterback.	Gridiron Gang is enjoyable enough, but it is also manipulative, melodramatic and pretty much interchangeable with the recent basketball film Coach Carter.	While grittier on the surface, Phil Joanou's allegedly 'true story' inspired Gridiron Gang is as soft and safe in its centre as any of the two dozen or so inspirational pigskin operas that have been released in the past two years.	Dwayne Johnson pushes his emotionally charged performance so hard that you think he might pop a blood vessel.	Johnson gives the part his authoritative all, but he doesn't have the depth of ability to elevate a sappy script that regularly calls for up-choking.	The role of probation officer Sean Porter fits Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson like a glove; however, the execution is so cliched, the youths' stories (based on real events), fail to inspire.
It's the best film I've seen about the low self-esteem, sexual inadequacy and fear that lead some men to abuse women.	The true story of championship prizefighter Jake La Motta, this is unmannered, unpretentious filmmaking that tells its story with startling authenticity, but it's a movie that leaves you feeling as beat up as one of La Motta's opponents.	Widely acclaimed as both the greatest film of the 1980s and of its director, Martin Scorsese, this is one of a select handful of films that everyone should see.	It is certainly the greatest boxing film ever put to celluloid.	Jake's inner struggles dovetail with his performance in the ring, and the film	Arguably Martin Scorsese's and Robert De Niro's finest film, Raging Bull is often painful to watch, but it's a searing, powerful work about an unsympathetic hero.
Is it as bad as advertised? Oh yes, very much so.	Not awful, but pretty bad. A third-string Planet of the Apes meets Star Trek, Battlefield Earth is a largely uninspiring sci-fi adventure with a Swiss-cheese plot.	If filmmaking has ever been less thrilling and more disengaging, I'd like to see it.	Battlefield Earth is long and tedious.	If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.	Ugly, campy, and poorly acted, Battlefield Earth is a stunningly misguided, aggressively bad sci-fi folly.
An electrifying and enthralling labor of love that acts as a defibrillator for your creative juices.	A celebration of just how unbelievably awesome it is to make rock music for a living - not to mention being so successful at it that you can get your childhood heroes to come over and jam.	The beautiful thing here is the way Sound City enlivens some fairly snobby ideas about the glories of analog tape without resorting to mere mansplaining.	Sound City is a fun ride for diehard fans of most any brand of rock and roll.	The film is an exhilarating exploration of the creative process.	Smart, affectionate, and unabashedly sincere, Sound City pairs a great soundtrack with a well-argued ode to one of rock 'n' roll's most fondly remembered bygone eras.
Jia has a knack for orchestrating violence: The brutality is just stylized enough to have a kick, though you always feel its emotional weight.	Shocking. Stylish. Historic.	In two decades of moviemaking, China's Jia Zhangke has examined the damage of his country's explosive growth with a poetic sense of outrage. With his latest effort, the implied violence bubbles over.	I can't imagine a comparable American movie, militating passionately, lyrically over on the economic inequities of American life. It just isn't done.	It provides a brutal, compelling insight into a troubled nation and is told with a fierce sense of urgency.	Its screenplay isn't as graceful as the choreography of its action sequences, but A Touch of Sin offers enough stylishly satisfying violence to muscle past its rough spots.
More of an infield grounder than a home run.	Costner and Preston's convincing work together go a long way in keeping the audience interested and involved.	I'm all for romance, you understand. But what makes this a drawback is that these people are all wrong for each other and that the filmmakers don't seem to know it.	For Love of the Game is quite a bad movie.	Watchable enough but ultimately forgettable.	Baseball wins, romance loses.
Kent directs with clean, precise strokes and with little of the desperation associated with most American comedies.	This is a mindless comedy about sex that is never remotely funny, with a cast that is never remotely sexy, and which, in one case, is downright revolting.	This is the slightest and slimmest of sex comedies.	The OH in Ohio offers a cinematic representation of Priscilla's sex life: a lot of promise with no payoff.	At the end of the day, Kent and screenwriter Adam Wierzbianski have given us a mildly amusing premise, but fail to turn it into a story that takes us anywhere pleasurable.	A muddled sex-comedy that feels oddly sexless, The Oh in Ohio packs in too many ideas without establishing a clear identity or objective.
Cusack is especially good here, in the movie's most deceptively subtle performance.	Stylish and unsettling.	Scary movie about terrorism. Not for kids.	Thoughtful, intelligent and brutally realistic!	almost hard to catch your breath	A suspenseful thriller led by strong cast performances built around a somewhat implausible story.
Like all great horror films, the reason it all feels so creepy is because our imagination makes it so.	Director Nicolas Roeg expertly hits on almost every accent that makes a thriller thrilling and engaging.	A frightening and consistently inventive horror story.	Don't Look Now brilliantly portrays the loves and losses we all experience, our here and now dictated by the fallibility of human nature and the cruelties of time.	Roeg maps Sutherland's disintegrating psyche onto the city of Venice, with its labyrinthian alleys, murky canals, and crumbling facades.	Don't Look Now patiently builds suspense with haunting imagery and a chilling score -- causing viewers to feel Donald Sutherland and Julie Christie's grief deep within.
Sandra Bullock's latest makeover as an FBI agent runs out of lip gloss well before she snatches a beauty queen from the jaws of death a second time.	The first film had its moments, not to mention Benjamin Bratt. But this one's contrived enthusiasm for itself is misplaced.	It's the supporting cast that help to make the sequel better than the original	So as not to be completely uncreative, they'd make Bullock over again, and she'd save the same beauty queen's life, but darn it, there'd be no beauty pageant this time.	it's embarrassing in a way that makes you want to avert your eyes and back slowly out of the theater	Sandra Bullock is still as appealing as ever; too bad the movie is not pageant material.
For all its posturing, and despite an odd cameo by McGowan's fiance, Marilyn Manson, Jawbreaker is missing anything resembling its own sensibility.	A prettier but less witty retread of that Winona Ryder vehicle.	Jawbreaker may promise a series of gleefully cheap thrills, but in the end all it delivers is a whole lot of bad taste.	There's no fluff like brash, jaded fluff!	The lowest piece of garbage to hit screens in months.	This throwaway comedy falls victim to its hip sensibilities.
Although much of Rush Hour 3 is in Paris, it's no French pastry. It's more week-old Happy Meal.	Like the cinematic equivalent of an old, reliable piece of furniture: although it predictably brings comfort, age ultimately catches up with it, and is simply isn't as refreshing as it once was.	...the results are pretty much the same old familiar ruckus {but] the pedestrian storyline is somewhat rejuvenated because Chan and Tucker administers the playful punches.	The film is formulaic and the plot is barely connected together. But it moves along quickly and there's the occasional smile.	Three years later in the sequel, Tucker and Chan had found their groove, even if the movie did not have as many good laughs and great stunt work. Now, though, it is an awkward Greatest Hits Reunion Show, and neither one of them seem up to the task	Rush Hour 3 is a tired rehash of the earlier films, and a change of scenery can't hide a lack of new ideas.
Director Kay provides the trappings, but if you want horror, you'll need to bring your own.	Every jolt in this film involves crash editing and deafening noises, while nothing is made of the premise or the characters.	Makes you yearn for the days when they got a few things down on paper before they started shooting a movie.	This is strictly substandard stuff, with imitative creepy noises, vertiginous camera angles, and long pauses during which Tim considers whether to open doors.	Unoriginal and lame.	The plot is been-there done-that generic, and none of the shock effects can do anything to build up suspense.
The experience of watching the film can be vertiginous: You toggle between the tiny and the infinite, between eternity and the real time of the recent past.	A movie that's not just accessible but fun, with a surprisingly emotional payoff at the end.	Particle Fever effectively generates appreciation for the tenacity and vision of scientists and the power of dogged curiosity to determine an entire life's path.	Talk about a smash hit.	Even if you can't explain the Standard Model or define "supersymmetry," you'll walk away with a conviction that you've vicariously participated in a historic event.	The concepts behind its heady subject matter may fly over the heads of most viewers, but Particle Fever presents it in such a way that even the least science-inclined viewers will find themselves enraptured.
A great family movie!	Director Andy Tennant has outdone himself.	Close, but no cigar.	It is pleasant, occasionally amusing -- and often dull.	In his big bid for Hollywood stardom, Chow lacks what gave him star power to begin with: an intensely masculine soul of fire and ice.	Beautiful cinematography can't prevent Anna and the King from being boring and overly lengthy.
The title is wrong. They should call it Spinning Into Margarine.	Spinning Into Butter is the perfect example of a movie taking an interesting premise and, through incompetence of acting, writing and directing, turning it into an unwatchable mess.	The biggest lesson from Spinning Into Butter has nothing to do with the ethics of race and more with realizing that every hit play doesn't need to be turned into a movie.	The material is crying out for a satiric wit or at least a stronger point of view. Instead, it's a mishmash in which everyone gets to say his piece, but all of it has been said before.	The best of intentions and a welcome willingness to engage on the touchiest issues is not enough to keep this movie from feeling more like a seminar than a story.	Both leaden and stilted, Spinning into Butter is an unsubtle drama with stagy direction and lackluster dialogue.
Topical documentaries mostly appeal to the converted and are ignored by those who disagree. And "Inequality" probably will be no exception.	This documentary would be a rousing David and Goliath story even if its hero weren't the diminutive Robert B. Reich.	In 90 minutes, Inequality for All doesn't get far beyond Income Inequality 101, but for those who struggle with the basics, it's an often essential primer.	This timely documentary does what it is supposed to do - educate, enlighten and entertain.	Robert Reich's message to America, much like director Jacob Kornbluth's uncomplicated film, is so simple and straightforward (you might even say obvious) that, without nitpicking, it can appear flawless.	While it arrives in a glut of similarly themed documentaries, Inequality for All distinguishes itself with a compelling presentation of an important message, as well as much-needed splashes of wit.
Taking Woodstock is entertaining, funny but also very slight film. Unlike the real Woodstock, it won't change lives or burn in the memory.	Lee's film, rambling and maddeningly vague as it often is, does manage eventually to get at why something so ephemeral meant so much to so many.	This is surely the calmest and warmest portrait of chaos I've seen on screen...	This is the yawning of the Age of Aquarius.	The biggest surprise of all - it's actually pretty average, at least by Lee's own impeccable standards.	Featuring numerous 60s-era clichés, but little of the musical magic that highlighted the famous festival, Taking Woodstock is a breezy but underwhelming portrayal.
A spiritual movie set in three centuries about death, the tree of life, the fountain of youth, and love that will not let us go.	One can easily appreciate the sheer vision, rich imagination and boldness of such a picture	Though narratively flawed (first and third segments are truncated and difficult to follow), the film is more effective visually, asking the audience to succumb to Aronofsky's visionary world that takes full advantage of the medium's expressive qualities.	With its whispered dialogue and funereal tone, The Fountain takes itself far too seriously. No one else will.	For all the thunderous beauty on-screen, its profundities exist more in the concept than the execution.	The Fountain -- a movie about metaphysics, universal patterns, Biblical symbolism, and boundless love spread across one thousand years -- is visually rich but suffers from its own unfocused ambitions.
A little bit of Carrey goes a long, long way--and this Ace Ventura comedy goes on for too, too long.	It's silly stoo-pid merriment...for any age.	... if you want to watch something brainless, this isn't a total waste.	Click the read the article.	From the man who would one day give us Kung Pow. Need I say more?	Nature Calls in this Ace Ventura sequel, and it's answered by the law of diminishing returns.
An ensemble-cast mishmash of crime and betrayal that manages to work.	Mazursky delivers one of the best lines in the film when he observes, "It's been my observation that losers are more truthful than winners." Amen. Here's to some losers who sometimes get to win.	Not everyone will get this film, but for those who appreciate the delectable rewards of black comedy, this is an encounter with substantial rewards.	Herzfeld, an award-winning television writer and director, didn't craft either a compelling story or create characters with any real depth.	It's not that this is a bad, blackly comic slice-of-lowlife: It's just that you've just seen it all before.	A labyrinthine thriller with a host of memorable characters, 2 Days in the Valley is an uneven but intriguing thriller/black comedy.
Director Katherine Dieckmann, who demonstrated some natural comic rhythms and efficiency with actors in Diggers, is here unable to surmount the sitcom dreariness of her first original screenplay, apparently a "write-what-you-know" misjudgment.	Too bad the writing didn't include (Thurman) lopping off people's heads, sort of a sequel to her "Kill Bill" roles. Now 90 minutes of that could be entertaining.	The lesson, I guess, is that it really sucks being a mom, but it's also incredibly unrewarding.	Motherhood is neither insight nor escapism. It's a yummy-mummy newspaper column splurged onto celluloid, like baby sick on your best cashmere sweater.	What Eliza writes, like Motherhood itself, feels like a stale collection of harried-parent material that the bland comedy duo The Mommies milked dry more than a decade ago.	Despite Uma Thurman's comic skills, Motherhood's contrived set-ups and cliched jokes keep this comedy from delivering laughs -- or insights into modern parenting.
If the 1989 cut is a thrill ride, then the 1993 revamp is a frequently wrenching emotional roller coaster.	a rare film--big-budget Hollywood entertainment on a grand scale that is able to seamlessly incorporate many levels of meaning into an entertaining experience.	The movie was a bear to make and it shows onscreen, parading around a series of mesmerizing set-pieces that look deliciously hard-earned in ways our current CG-drenched filmmaking climate never allows.	Great blending of spectacle and drama.	Colossally ambitious, this logistically boggling and technically brilliant film from writer-director James Cameron is a visual tour de force, featuring overall, the greatest underwater sequences ever seen on film.	The utterly gorgeous special effects frequently overshadow the fact that The Abyss is also a totally gripping, claustrophobic thriller, complete with an interesting crew of characters.
Although expertly remade twice - in 1978 and 1993 - and rather less successfully in 2007, the original is still the most striking, with a justly famous scalp-freezing ending.	Siegel's brilliant movie sits as a perfect bookend to Romero's "Night Of The Living Dead."	A superbly crafted film by innovative director Siegel, this low-budget science fiction tale became one of the great cult classics of the genre.	Brilliantly placed, however unwittingly, to illustrate America's political paranoia from both ends.	Chilling still. Do not fall asleep while watching it!	One of the best political allegories of the 1950s, Invasion of the Body Snatchers is an efficient, chilling blend of sci-fi and horror.
While I don't think the flick really has much of a brain in its head ... it sure isn't boring.	It taps into everyone's secret desire for vigilantism.	Willem Dafoe's portrayal of the conflicted homosexual FBI agent is overacted to such an extent that it is hilarious, amazing and entertaining. His is an unforgettable character.	It is, by turns, hilariously awful and just plain unhilariously awful, full of its own nonexistent momentousness, an unintentional parody of hardboiled gangster flicks.	The Boondock Saints, sorry to say, wasn't worth the trouble.	A juvenile, ugly movie that represents the worst tendencies of directors channeling Tarantino.
Jumping on the pre-millennium, end-of-the-world hype, Smith has chosen an opportune time to take a satirical and witty look at the shortcomings of organized religion.	I recommend it anyway, for the way it kids around with the finer points of a religion while embracing its high ideas.	As an ambitious and overreaching break with Smith's provincial milieu Dogma is a failed experiment, but a noble failure.	Dogma should be offensive to anyone who expects more from a movie than two hours of a filmmaker's musings on every religious notion that ever came into his head.	Those who would call it sacreligious (and there will be many) should look beyond the foul language and crude humor, to see more deeply into Smith's intentions to give the dusty doctrines of the ancient faith a fresh new perspective.	Provocative and audacious, Dogma is an uneven but thoughtful religious satire that's both respectful and irreverent.
Nikolaj Arcel's sumptuous Danish romance looks much like other well-made costume dramas, barring a single, crucial exception: This is the only one with Mads Mikkelsen in the lead.	This highly polished costume drama is exceptionally well-made and a model of intelligent restraint, but it is also unapologetically earnest and a bit on the bloodless side.	A fascinating and impressive historical drama with first-rate performances and splendid production values.	The performances are powerful and the set pieces are exquisite, but the conclusion will leave you feeling enormously agitated thanks to what seems like the encouragement of thickheadedness.	We are drawn undeniably to well-crafted beauty, power wielded for good and romance built upon authenticity, and A Royal Affair has all three in bounds.	A Royal Affair is a lavish and sumptuous costume drama with a juicy story to back it up.
[Midler, Najimy and Parker] perform a show-stopping version of 'I Put a Spell on You' at a Halloween party, but otherwise it's slim pickings.	Hocus Pocus remains a delightful family comedy, spooky but never scary as it romps its merry way through the graveyard.	Hocus Pocus is harmless, but it's about as much fun as celebrating Mardi Gras under the influence of candy corn.	In the not-too-distant future look for Hocus Pocus in the rental-store bins, or as part of a Halloween "Trick or Treat" package (three bags of candies with Hocus Pocus for $5.95).	The best that can be said about the acting by the witches is that it is, well, bizarre. And rarely funny.	Harmlessly hokey yet never much more than mediocre, Hocus Pocus is a muddled family-friendly effort that fails to live up to the talents of its impressive cast.
Even though I'm pretty much vampired out these days, I appreciated the grossout thrills and the B-movie dialogue.	It's like Children of Men with exploding-plasma shock effects. The best thing you can say about the movie is that it pours some very old blood into a new plastic bottle.	Daybreakers offers a flawed but thoroughly enjoyable, happy-making trip.	Writer-directors Michael and Peter Spierig equip this unpretentious, low-budget, high-functioning shocker with some sharp satirical teeth, and Dafoe has a ball behind his Manson goatee.	A first-rate vampire flick with solid action and a story that's never been seen before. Go in with high expectations and you won't be disappointed. Paul Chambers, CNN.	Though it arrives during an unfortunate glut of vampire movies, Daybreakers offers enough dark sci-fi thrills -- and enough of a unique twist on the genre -- to satisfy filmgoers.
Fans of sport and brash, boisterous comedies will find a lot to love here.	As dumb as Caddyshack was, though, it seems like George Bernard Shaw compared to this poor stepchild. Back to stand-up, Adam Sandler.	There was a time when Adam Sandler was genuinely funny. Oh, how we miss those times.	This is a fun movie. I don't know how many times I've seen it now, but it never ceases to amuse me.	Sever those cerebral lobes, sit back, and enjoy a gleeful, energetically stupid comedy.	Those who enjoy Adam Sandler's schtick will find plenty to love in this gleefully juvenile take on professional golf; those who don't, however, will find it unfunny and forgettable.
The liveliest moments in Steven Soderbergh's Solaris belong to Jeremy Davies' hands.	A thought provoking, fascinating and heart breaking glimpse into characters that must come to grips with their past.	The film's real appeal won't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs, but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers.	A haunting little movie, one which concentrates on the essentials while inviting contemplation.	An example of an A-list director and movie star using their clout to do what more people in their position should: challenge themselves and their audience.	Slow-moving, cerebral, and ambiguous, Solaris is not a movie for everyone, but it offers intriguing issues to ponder.
Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.	A feast of A-grade f/x married to a Z-grade, irony-free script.	The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime. The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't even register as a guilty pleasure.	DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun. It's my new guilty pleasure!	...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.	Dragon Wars' special effects can't make up for an unfocused script and stale acting.
Slick, funny, smoothly functioning entertainment, served up with a small side of potted commentary on corporate ethics and intergenerational conflict.	Consistently funny.	Will reverberate for people who finds themselves reporting to a boss much younger than they are.	It's got a 'Father Knows Best' sensibility about it that exalts character over profit margins. But in my opinion, the story's execution falls short of its potential.	Ever feel like "The only 'fair' I ever heard of is where they judge sheep and cows?'" Then join the audience of "In Good Company" for a laugh and a sigh.	The witty and charming In Good Company offers laughs at the expense of corporate culture.
Em seu filme de estréia como diretor, Eastwood troca a tensăo pelo susto fácil a partir da segunda metade da trama, errando ainda no longo e embaraçoso 'interlúdio musical'.	A highly enjoyable thriller.	For that 80% of the film which constitutes the story, the structure and dialog create a mood of nervous terror which the other 20% nearly blows away.	Eastwood displays a vigorous talent for sequences of violence and tension. He has obviously seen Psycho and Repulsion more than once, but those are excellent texts and he has learned his lessons passing well.	Eastwood's camera is rarely misplaced, and he shows a talent for the thriller genre worthy of a comparison to Hitchcock.	A coolly calculating psychological thriller that manages to scare the audience even if it is just using textbook thrills.
The greatest credit for the implacable engagement that the film creates for its audience must go to the director, Mike Nichols. Nichols makes a stunning film bow with Virginia Woolf.	A watershed film that broke down walls of profanity and vitriol.	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (1966), a famous and shocking black comedy, was based on Edward Albee's scandalous play (Ernest Lehman's screenplay	If one examines Albee's The Zoo Story, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and Tiny Alice as three views of the struggle for faith and the Christ myth and its nuances, the plays, on a particular level, gain a substantial meaning.	Edward Albee's vitriolic stage portrayal of domestic blisslessness translated grainily and effectively to the screen.	Led by a volcanic performance from Elizabeth Taylor, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? is a scathing adaptation of the Edward Albee play that serves as a brilliant calling card for debuting director Mike Nichols.
Yes, it's all just a regurgitation of murder machine tropes - right up to the very end shot - but as regurgitations go, "The Guest" is fine, sick fun.	So much fun. Wingard shows serious action chops, and DOWNTON ABBEY star Dan Stevens completely reinvents himself as a sort of Jason Bourne by way of THE TERMINATOR & Michael Myers.	The crazier the movie gets, the better it is -- the climax is set in a homemade fun house complete with billowing artificial fog, and it works first as comedy, then as mild suspense, and, finally, as surprise.	An '80s style action thriller that turns out to be more suspenseful and keenly plotted than most, with a compelling centerpiece performance by Dan Stevens (Downton Abbey) that deserves attention.	Shot in lurid colors and drizzled with a squelchy synthesizer score, Adam Wingard's bloody thriller is so enamored of John Carpenter it might as well be passing him mash notes in social studies.	Boasting enough intelligence to bolster its darkly violent thrills, The Guest offers another treat for genre fans from director Adam Wingard.
Unfocused and too long by half, but Washington's performance is hypnotic.	Controversial, compelling story...Spike Lee in good form.	Not a mere movie but a cinematic event.	Very nearly a great movie undermined by its own sense of importance	Benefits from a lively lead performance by the miscast Denzel Washington but doesn't come within light years of the book, one of the greatest American autobiographies.	Anchored by a powerful performance from Denzel Washington, Spike Lee's biopic of the legendary civil rights leader brings his autobiography to life with an epic sweep and a nuanced message.
Fun movie, but may be too intense for younger kids.	A canny franchise escapade; it gets the job done.	A wonderful surprise - a superhero action movie almost everyone can enjoy.	Exciting as it is tender and romantic, Raimi's Spider-Man looks like a movie that will please not only the Spider-Man converted but also the viewer who just wanders in.	Feels like a bland, watered-down product of a corporate vision, designed primarily to be the safe, sadly responsible start of a summer movie franchise.	Not only does Spider-Man provide a good dose of web-swinging fun, it also has a heart, thanks to the combined charms of director Sam Raimi and star Tobey Maguire.
Their performances (Michel Joelsas, Daniela Piepszyk) %u2014 natural, poignant and wide-eyed about what life will serve up %u2014 are things of beauty.	We've seen such coming-of-age tales many times before, and your liking of this movie will largely depend on how passionate you are about soccer.	a skillful combination of humor, sadness, and tension	... neither striking nor ultimately memorable, but it provides a pleasant diversion ...	Mauro's character is underwritten, but Michel Joelsas delivers a believable, pained lad capable of still being a child.	Hamburger deftly refracts the sociopolitical tumult of early '70s Brazil through the lens of a young boy's coming of age, and Joelsas' performance is wise beyond his years.
Director and writer John Lee Hancock avoids most of the bombast and showy display of the 1960 John Wayne film.	[Hancock's] Alamo may be flawed, but it tells a tale that still has the power to stir our souls.	Com exceусo das performances de Thornton e Quaid, o filme traz caracterizaушes estereotipadas e freqЧentemente se entrega ao sentimentalismo barato.	The equivalent of one long drone from a stiff Social Studies teacher who can scarcely be bothered to add any sort of relevance to the topic.	An ambitious mix of history lesson, politically correct speculation, character sketches of American icons and pretty scenery, but it winds up without much of a point of view.	Too conventional and uninvolving to be memorable.
Thanks to casting and chemistry, this is the first great romantic comedy of the summer.	It's contrived and predictable, formulaic and derivative, yet The Proposal has its own charm. Star charisma is part of it, but there's an interesting dynamic between the two leads. The set up is fun, too.	The movie's lazy, formulaic story quickly becomes an excruciating waste of talent.	Surprisingly charming and smartly executed.	Fletcher's labored, downright desperate efforts at wringing laughs out of hopelessly stale material results in a series of entirely needless sequences...	Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds exhibit plenty of chemistry, but they're let down by The Proposal's devotion to formula.
An entertaining piece of pure Frenchness which reminds us of the value of older people in a world where the potential for lifelong ''education, education, education'' exists everywhere all of the time.	Heart-warming French drama with a superb script and a terrific central performance from Gerard Depardieu.	Charming slice of small-town France.	A tender and touching love story in a small French town where two unlikely people connect in an appealing and magical way.	Sweet-centred and unashamedly sentimental, My Afternoons With Margueritte is a warm and generous film.	It's sentimental and treacly, but that's not enough to prevent My Afternoons with Margueritte from being truly affecting.
It's refreshing to see a food film that for once doesn't pour on sentimental cooking-as-life metaphors.	Aiello is perfect as the low-key Louis, and there is not a weak link in his entire supporting cast.	You keep waiting for that one scene or piece of dialogue that will get things going, and it never comes.	Dinner Rush has the attention to frantic detail and hustling spirit that adds necessary sizzle to restaurant films.	A pleasingly light and mostly tasty dessert.	With the aid of a witty script and a well-acted ensemble, Dinner Rush is a tasty dish.
Writer-director Ben Younger experienced the sales pitch of a boiler room recruiter in real life. His fascination with the thrill-junkie life of these stock jocks is reflected in the script's sharp, arrogant dialogue.	Last reel is particularly disappointing in its naive philosophy, manifest in Younger's rush to bring the various conflicts to satisfying closure.	Boiler Room is a good-quality sleeper that ranks up there with Glengarry Glen Ross and Wall Street.	At least, it comes without the moral piety of an Oliver Stone film.	The talent evident throughout this wild spin on the Wall Street roulette wheel makes Younger a talent to watch. You can bet on that.	Its ending is disappointingly tidy, but Boiler Room boasts just enough sharp writing and brisk pacing to make getting there worthwhile.
Looking For Eric is his most entertaining film yet, a feelgood, footy-mad gem that takes spectators through several rounds of anguish to a cheer-inducing finale of hope and glory.	Beneath the raw surfaces of this movie there's a sentimentalism that doesn't strike true. Do adult mates put themselves out the way they do here?	With less of the grit but still plenty of the earthy humour Loach is renowned for, this walks the indie/ commercial line with assurance.	In Loach's hands, it has a measure of dignity and it works beautifully.	In a rousing change of pace, England's master of dramatized poverty, marginalization and despair dabbles in comedy, fantasy, soccer and wish-fulfillment, with charming, audience-pleasing results.	Ken Loach's latest is an uplifting, entertaining and amusing socio-drama featuring a match-winning performance from Eric Cantona.
Without being preachy about it, Fed Up flat-out tells us that it is indeed past time to be fed up -- to insist that action be taken, and take it ourselves. This film is a bracing wake-up call.	You won't look at grocery store aisles the same way after you've seen Fed Up.	Fed Up, for the most part, boasts the feel of a short news piece that's somehow been expanded to feature length...	As the new documentary Fed Up proves a few times over, the blame for all the blubber spreads wider than a pair of Mr. Big and Tall pants.	The information contained in the film is important - and the message is still a vital one because the problem is ongoing.	Compelling and troubling in equal measure, Fed Up is an advocacy documentary that earns its outrage.
The film's most memorable visual spectacle, of a man getting sucked into a pool of quicksand, is also the most resonant. Man may think he rules over nature, but it can take him back at any moment.	The stunning adventure Mountain Patrol: Kekexili is like a John Ford western set, not in the master's beloved Monument Valley, but in remotest China.	The film's somber beauty is recommendation enough, but the way political, personal, and symbolic tensions seethe silently below the surface turn it into riveting drama.	A rugged, old-fashioned adventure tale.	An astonishing, fact-based story of sacrifice and courage in one of the world's most forbiddingly beautiful regions, Kekexili: Mountain Patrol exerts an almost mythic hold on your attention.	In a setting both visually stunning and cruel, this Eastern film evokes the epic spirit of old-fashioned Westerns.
It's a well-toned blend of surrealism, science fiction, horror and spiritual mystery that would never have survived Hollywood's script-by-committee attitude.	It's remarkable to what extent Aronofsky has rendered the cerebral kinetically intense. The film's imaginative, diverse images create a mind's-eye urban claustrophobia.	Director Darren Aronofsky creates an eerie Eraserhead-like world that keeps the film compelling.	What is difficult is to view this film without a mind seeking to be intrigued, because, if you don't want intrigue, you shouldn't be watching Pi.	It all leads to a very strange place, and I'm particularly impressed with the economical means, both financially and artistically, by which Aronofsky gets there.	Dramatically gripping and frighteningly smart, this Lynchian thriller does wonders with its unlikely subject and shoestring budget.
It shows no understanding of or insight into the genre it's attempting to parody, nor indeed of cinema in general.	That the first film's primary target/model was Scream and that this one's is The Haunting says everything about its creative bankruptcy.	The screenwriters take desperate measures with so much lame sex jokes, body flashes, and disgusting bathroom humor.	Perhaps if you send them a stamped, self-addressed envelope they'll tell us why this was thought to be funny.	Scary Movie 2 isn't scary, funny-scary, or even just plain funny.	Instead of being funny, this gross-out sequel plays like a sloppy, rushed-out product.
Aided by a one dimensional set that isn't clever enough to be comic-like, this film has a Neanderthal mentality.	The first sequel to 1995's highly successful Mortal Kombat, Mortal Kombat Annihilation adds little to the development of the saga except for a truckload of martial arts sequences and a whole mess of bigger and louder special effects.	There is nothing... I repeat, nothing worthwhile in this film.	I'll give it this - Mortal Kombat: Annihilation is hilarious. Sadly, not intentionally so.	As far as the plot, the repetitive bombardment of similar scenarios makes the film seem very long and painfully drawn out.	With its shallow characters, low budget special effects, and mindless fight scenes, Mortal Kombat - Annihilation offers minimal plot development and manages to underachieve the low bar set by its predecessor.
or all these faults... the film has many plusses: n unsubtle emotional power that comes through in Abasi's fear and Isabella's rage, an honest view of the political machinery in Washington, and an outrage about the way we [can] behave.	A worthwhile but somewhat underwhelming effort, perhaps too level-headed for its own good.	The movie is not exciting, original or instructive enough to justify the unpleasant experience.	Occasionally a movie's subject outweighs any aesthetic flaws, as it does in this unsettling thriller about the extraordinary rendition of terror suspects.	The film exists in a gray zone that acknowledges the existence and relevance of both sides.	The impressive cast cannot rescue Rendition, which explores complex issues in woefully simplified terms.
French director Florent Siri deserves good marks for ratcheting up the tension in parts, even if he goes cheesy with the overly dramatic music and too many slo-mo shots. Not bad, but hardly captivating.	Estamos ante una historia interesante, en la que los personajes dejan de ser las caricaturas habituales de siempre para convertirse en seres humanos reales.	Tuned in to current politics, narrating the failure of isolationism, as the men imagine can lock themselves up apart from the world.	I was a nervous wreck by the end of this suspenseful movie.	While not high art by any stretch of the imagination Siri, Willis and company create a better movie than the premise deserves and create an entertaining B-movie.	Grisly and cliched, audiences may feel they're being held Hostage.
A lentidăo dos dois primeiros atos e o pseudo-surrealismo do terceiro, além de năo combinarem, criam uma experięncia enfadonha, confusa e apelativa.	Plays out like a comfy companion piece to Shall We Dance? only to morph into a torturous freakshow worthy of Baise-moi.	This film is skillfully made, expertly directed, well acted, and pretty distasteful to me.	Miike, the Tasmanian Devil of modern filmmakers, throws our assumptions back at us like a thousand poison darts. Great film.	By the end I found myself feeling so creeped out it was Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer all over again.	An audacious, unsettling Japanese horror film from director Takashi Miike, Audition entertains as both a grisly shocker and a psychological drama.
Listless, poorly scripted, badly acted and displaying an unforgivable misinterpretation of its source material, Cholera is easily one of the worst adaptations of a great book ever mounted.	Unlike the unfilmable novel, Newell's discordant picture exhibits the worst symptoms of fever itself: unpleasant to endure and then quickly forgotten.	Is there another great modern writer so hard to translate successfully into cinema?	There isn't an actor here who really connects.	There's a little cholera in the middle and some love at the beginning and end, but Love in the Time of Cholera is mostly about romantic obsession and never-ending frustration -- the latter of which may jibe with the audience's reaction.	Though beautifully filmed, the makers of Love in the Time of Cholera fail to transfer the novel's magic to the screen.
The action sequences mostly uninspired and the characterisations and voice-overs underwhelming.	The animation, computer-generated as opposed to Aardman's signature claymation style, pops with clever visual touches, and the voice cast, led by the omnipresent and ever likable Hugh Jackman as Roddy, is first-rate.	Fans of Wallace and Gromit may be puzzled by a visual disconnect in Flushed Away. They will certainly, however, be delighted by the unrelenting whimsy and fast-paced gags of a story that never slows down to think about where it's going next.	A mixed bag that will leave you packing up your coat before the end credits roll.	How this thing got made in Hollywood is a mystery, but I laughed at most of it, especially the mean stereotypes about the French and the even meaner stereotype about England's soccer team.	Clever and appealing for both children and adults, Flushed Away marks a successful entry into digital animated features for Aardman Animations.
Gavin Wiesen's first film, as passive and vanilla as its title, continues the numbing trendlet begun in 2008 with Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist: dramatizing the stupefying dullness of privileged white teenagers in New York City.	If not for its lack of self-awareness, The Art of Getting By would seem to be a spoof of ennui-inflicted teen dramas.	If the film is at all autobiographical, maybe writer/director Gavin Wiesen is remembering seeing 2008's "The Wackness,"...or 2006's "Art School Confidential," ...	It's a funny coincidence that "The Art of Getting By" is about a struggling teenage artist, since the writing is so paint by numbers.	None of this first feature from writer-director Gavin Wiesen rings true, and most of it is preposterous and self-conscious.	A sitcom-level twee mess that bakes in the typical manic pixie dream girl and boring, withdrawn boy hero.
The four men offer some laugh-out-loud observations.	Watching Spike Lee's concert movie is the next best thing to having been in the house when the Kings of Comedy caused a laugh riot in Charlotte, N. C. last February.	You're still left thinking that the funniest man in the building was not actually in front of the camera.	The most articulate and entertaining commentary on racial differences to have come down the pike in quite a while.	Inventive, raunchy, brilliant, savvy, intoxicating and politically incorrect comics whose humor not only cracks you up, but also challenges the way you think.	If you want lots of laughs and don't mind some profanity, The Original Kings of Comedy can deliver.
Morton uses her face and her body language to bring us Morvern's soul, even though the character is almost completely deadpan.	Ramsay is showing us one very particular type of person, a live-for-the-moment young woman who is fascinated by ugliness and pain and who -- like the poet, Terence -- believes nothing human is alien to her.	Fails in making this character understandable, in getting under her skin, in exploring motivation...Well before the end, the film grows as dull as its characters, about whose fate it is hard to care.	With her broad, thinker's forehead, imp's crooked grin and large, deer-in-the-headlights eyes, Morton at first suggests hidden depths within Morvern. But as the film plays on, the character comes off as increasingly shallow and dull.	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic.	Morton quietly makes this quirky, enigmatic mood piece a compelling watch.
If you're not someone who is automatically shocked or in awe of the notion of a vulgar, profane, and sexually laced comedy that happens to have a female lead, then Trainwreck is going to feel a lot less transgressive and a lot more formulaic.	A raunchy comedy with poignant romantic moments.	The film makes the case for getting over yourself and growing the hell up. It's more than romantic comedy. It's profound, even as it makes you laugh again and again. Here's hoping that Apatow and Schumer are just getting started.	If you have a taste for essentially the same sex joke over and over, which is pretty much the way Schumer's stand-up works -- as opposed to her much more progressive TV show -- you will enjoy it. If not, you might doze off.	Turning the whole 'slut' thing upside down.	Trainwreck drags commitment out of all but the most rom-com-phobic filmgoers with sharp humor, relatable characters, and hilarious work from Amy Schumer.
Young, gifted, and a gay	Funny, moving, nuanced, and impeccably acted...	Young people's mumbling and slang will be a stumbling block for mainstream audiences, but the lives and dilemmas of the mostly black and some Hispanic teens go beyond racial-cultural lines.	It is a striking debut: visually rich, emotionally complex and graced by strong performances from top to bottom.	Wayans, best known for acting in comedies with her siblings, is a revelation as a woman whose faith offers both hope and blind judgment.	Pulsing with authenticity and led by a stirring lead performance from Adepero Oduye, Pariah is a powerful coming out/coming-of-age film that signals the arrival of a fresh new talent in writer/director Dee Rees.
Producers Mark Lazarus and Michael Boughen have stuck to their guns (and hammers and knives and kettles) and delivered a visceral and fiercely original blast of great film terror.	Sean Byrne makes one hell (and I mean hell) of a feature film debut with The Loved Ones. It's slick, confident and wickedly funny. Lola is straight out of Sam Raimi's nightmares; a terrifying cross between Carrie and Rachel Berry from Glee.	The Loved Ones is a breath of fresh air for the so-called "torture porn" sub-genre of horror movies.	It's a well made film. One for the gore fans.	The savagery here has no redeeming social value and the characters are not especially interesting, but who cares when the terror is this relentless?	Successfully mixing the conventions of the teen and horror genres with a twist, Australian director Sean Byrne makes a striking directorial debut.
In the end, Shrek is just as warm and fuzzy as any of the Disney films that it mocks, playing both sides of the fence without necessarily tearing the fence down.	Spends so much time being cleverly hip and spoofing all things Disney that it struggles to find its own identity.	Though imperfect, "Shrek" offers enough diversions from animation's go-go-go that it's been sad - after lackluster third and fourth installments - to see the lovable green guy turn the way of impersonal franchise cash-grabbing.	With improbable finesse it buffs up some of the oldest tropes of storytelling and then gives them a mischievous tilt, so that we appear to be watching a celebration of a genre and a sneaky subversion of it at the same time.	The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make Shrek an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication.	While simultaneously embracing and subverting fairy tales, the irreverent Shrek also manages to tweak Disney's nose, provide a moral message to children, and offer viewers a funny, fast-paced ride.
"ATL" doesn't explore any new ground in the genre of black teen disillusionment but this is an affecting urban cautionary tale that sparkles in its own self-reflection.	The movie is directed by a prominent video director, Chris Robinson (Jay-Z, Alicia Keys) and, no surprise, it feels less like a conventional movie than a video compilation of flashy scenes, montages and sound-track opportunities.	A well-meaning and good-hearted urban melodrama -- that doesn't really seem to have anything new to say.	... a surprisingly intelligent and admirably modest story about growing up on Atlanta's south side, taking responsibility and taking stock.	If many of the situations in "ATL" are familiar and the characters' attitude changes sometimes hard to buy... the movie does a fine job of capturing the atmosphere of inner-city Atlanta...	Strong lead performances and catchy musical interludes rescue this coming-of-age story from its formulaic script and uneven direction.
An ill-conceived and frankly quite silly Bond-meets-sci-fi experiment.	Christopher Wood's script takes the characters exactly where they always go in a James Bond pic and the only question is whether the stunts and gadgets will live up to expectations. They do.	It's one of the most buoyant Bond films of all.	Primo kids' stuff, but under-satisfying for adults. [Blu-ray]	The space-age plot is spread dangerously thin, the fights all tend to slapstick, and the wanton destruction has become rather too predictable. But it's held together by likeable performances.	Featuring one of the series' more ludicrous plots but outfitted with primo gadgets and spectacular sets, Moonraker is both silly and entertaining.
In addition to being borderline unendurable, Funny Games is inexplicable, and I don't mean in any philosophical sense. Who thought the world needed a shot-for-shot English-language version of Mr. Haneke's 1997 German-language film?	A disturbing headscratcher likely to leave an audience feeling more abused than entertained.	The worst of the violence occurs off-screen, but Funny Games is still a vicious, vicious movie.	A movie that lives and dies on its gimmick, and when you figure out that all it's doing is toying with us, there's nothing left worth watching.	You know what garbage is, but until you see Funny Games, a bucket of swill by Austrian wacko Michael Haneke, you have no idea how bad it can smell.	Though made with great skill, Funny Games is nevertheless a sadistic exercise in chastising the audience.
Has the look and texture of an authentic document, elevated by the hand of a artist with a singular vision	Hopkins' performance is the performance in the film.	Understated and masterful in its use of costumes, makeup, and low-budget camerawork, David Lynch's portrait of John The Elephant Man Merrick stands as one of the best biographies on film.	What we eventually see underneath this shell is not 'the study in dignity' that Ashley Montagu wrote about, but something far more poignant, a study in genteelness that somehow suppressed all rage.	In this follow-up to the amazing Eraserhead, David Lynch exposes undercurrents of anguish along with an emotionally accessible tale of Merrick's nobility--a Victorian morality play disguised as an elegy to freakishness	David Lynch's relatively straight second feature finds an admirable synthesis of compassion and restraint in treating its subject, and features outstanding performances by John Hurt and Anthony Hopkins.
Gloriously over-the-top blood pudding about a homeless man (Hauer) who goes Dirty Harry on a dead-end town run by sadistic crims.	Hauer's best since The Hitcher. If Eisener calms down, he may have a career outside live-action 'toons.	It's a hyper-violent, self-conscious throwback, with the sickly plastic aroma of a tape that's been gathering dust in the corner of a video store since 1984.	Created by a fan for fans everywhere, Eisener's film is simultaneously original and a perfect throwback to the blood-splattered movies of the 70s.	The brilliance begins and ends with its title..feels less like a movie than a joke about a movie, to which you need to buy a ticket to see the punchline. It's not worth it.	It certainly isn't subtle -- or even terribly smart -- but as a gleefully gory homage to low-budget exploitation thrillers, Hobo with a Shotgun packs plenty of firepower.
If Rod Serling had hired Robert Altman to direct a "Twilight Zone" episode, it might have turned out something like this.	Great use of handheld photography and minimal light without falling into the found-footage trap. Coherence makes Byrkit a filmmaker to watch.	The film's impression of personas is less traditionally sinister than representative of its inquiry into identity and what happens when social barriers begin to fall away.	What began as a nifty puzzle feels more like a trap. It may be possible to unkink this story, but when characters and performances are as unengaging as these, it's hard to feel motivated to try.	While Coherence takes the superficial form of a horror movie, it's ultimately too talky to be scary.	A case study in less-is-more filmmaking, Coherence serves as a compelling low-budget calling card for debuting writer-director James Ward Byrkit.
The film is certainly clever enough to hold an audience's interest throughout, though in the end it's a victim of its own ambition.	An amazing piece of writing and one that will provoke laughs, discussion and anger.	In The Shape of Things, love doesn't just hurt: It bites, and bites deep.	Such an effective emotional roller coaster that its flaws seem diminished	Meticulously crafted, ambitious and uproariously funny.	LaBute returns to his earlier themes of cruelty in relationships, and the results hit hard.
He creates not so much characters we have some feeling for as a set of walking case histories that are intriguing without being appealing.	The actors are superb; working from Soderbergh's funny, perceptive, immaculately wrought dialogue, they ensure that the film stimulates both intellectually and emotionally.	What amazes is that at just 26, Soderbergh displays the three qualities associated with mature filmmakers: a unique authorial voice, a spooky camera assurance, and the easy control of ensemble acting.	A bitter yet savory time capsule of discontent.	I was somewhat let down by the film as a whole, which seems to feign more than it actually achieves.	In his feature directorial debut, Steven Soderbergh demonstrates a mastery of his craft well beyond his years, pulling together an outstanding cast and an intelligent script for a nuanced, mature film about neurosis and human sexuality.
She's the Man amounts to little more than softcore porn for the tween set, with aesthetics ripped from the pages of the Abercrombie & Fitch catalog.	The machinery of Shakespeare's cross-dressing lark is so airtight that it works, even with the flip fidelity paid to the original by the writers of She's the Man.	Loses the most important part of Shakespeare: his insight into human behavior.	As you can imagine, sticking a girl dressed up as a boy into a dorm with hunky boys lusting for girls is the stuff of comic mix-ups, and in She's the Man, we have plenty.	...there are certainly more than enough elements within the film to warrant a mild recommendation among older viewers...	Shakespeare's wit gets lost in translation with She's the Man's broad slapstick, predictable jokes, and unconvincing plotline.
Céline Sciamma's girl-gang movie is a disarming affair, a long way removed from the macho posturing of other French films set in the Banlieue, such as La Haine.	The movie captures that heady adolescent sense of time stopping and the moment mattering while standing far enough back to let us acknowledge all the pitfalls Marieme is moving too fast to see.	[Céline Sciamma's] third film, Girlhood, confirms her as quite simply one of the best directors of her generation.	Writer-director Céline Sciamma expertly places her characters in that nebulous region between child and adult.	French film offers bleak, affecting look at troubled teen.	Powerfully acted and smartly scripted, Girlhood offers a fresh perspective on familiar cinematic territory.
The Turtles are back -- and as they say, new and improved.	It's not exactly Renaissance art, but it is an honourable attempt to revive the turtle-tastic franchise.	Impersonally animated and arbitrarily plotted, the story appears to have been made up as the filmmakers went along.	The long-delayed return of our Heroes in a Half Shell is big on style but low in substance.	What's lacking, except in too-quick flashes, are some of the subtler spices -- wit, self-mockery -- strewn through this franchise in all its various formats.	TMNT's art direction is splendid, but the plot is non-existent and the dialogue lacks the irony and goofy wit of the earlier TMNT movies.
It's at its best when it's drawing blood, not flattering its viewers' good side and creating a tidy ending out of a situation that's far from it.	The Second Mother is a smart yet subtle portrait of the incalculable riches of a good relationship between parents and children.	It speaks to anyone considering hiring a live-in nanny. Regina Casé is terrific.	This Brazilian drama offers a nuanced, often funny look at family and social status, and Casé's performance is both heartbreaking and hilarious.	Muylaert forces us to think big about the clash between idealism and acceptance, a philosophical war that spills beyond the walls of this small story into every corner of our own lives	The Second Mother's compelling characters serve an artfully drawn, thought-provoking story that's beautifully brought to life by a talented cast.
Fragmented, elliptical and overplotted to the point of being hard to track. Still, it's worth hanging in for the finish ... [when] Soderbergh pulls off a delicious trick, a gesture of pure, tender, unabashed movie love that makes up for everything.	Full Frontal is based around a device that just doesn't work.... pretentious ... with few rewards.	It's too self-aware of its own irony. It makes sure the audience knows this and tries to be cute about the whole thing at the expense of its own characters, inviting us to laugh at them.	I like it. No, I hate it. No, I love it...hell, I dunno.	A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it.	An confusing movie made worse by the poor camera work.
Despite the fantastic visuals, action and sometimes rousing story, the needle flickers between grandiose and laughable -- in part because the film takes itself sooo relentlessly, slow-motion, music-swellin', see-you-in-hell seriously.	Whatever your reason for going into 300, I can't imagine leaving it very excited by what you get. I can imagine being excited by the prospect of leaving -- for me, the end credits of 300 rolled up on the screen with the comforting shock of a parole notice	You don't go to Hooters for the chicken wings - no matter what you might tell your wife - and you're not going to 300 for the plot nuances.	I'll be in the minority on this, but I just saw a film where 300 guys stood up to an army of thousands, so I'm feeling bold.	Awesome!	A simple-minded but visually exciting experience, full of blood, violence, and ready-made movie quotes.
It's a toss-up as to whether September Dawn is more offensive as history, as allegory or simply as lousy self-important filmmaking.	An already thin veneer of historical truth wears off fairly quickly in this surprisingly dull and melodramatic low-budget western.	The real problem is that September Dawn isn't a very good movie. It moves too much like a public-school history pageant and gives us mono-dimensional characters who speak dialogue that fairly reeks of printer's ink.	Cain has turned the Mormons into baby-eatin' Nazis to suit his argument, parading around these black-clad, chin-bearded, testicle-slicing gunslingers without any thoughtful consideration.	Disturbingly awful.	With its jarring editing, dull love story, and silly dialogue, September Dawn turns a horrific historical event into a banal movie.
The adorable Hudson's onscreen transformation from party girl to supermom seems forced, and Marshall's efforts to pass her off as the next Julia Roberts-style every girl are irritating.	A winsomely formulaic domestic comedy that says that women can have it all -- but they really shouldn't try to.	Raising Helen is likable, formulaic, predictable, overly sentimental schlock.You're going to find something to like in the movie (Hudson), but there's plenty to dislike	The movie, more tear-jerker than romantic comedy, gets at how painful, awful and, ultimately, worthwhile it is to be a parent, and, if it takes its time getting to that message, that makes sense.	A sort of updated Pretty Woman into homework rather than hooking.	As shallow and formulaic as a sitcom.
You could save your money and watch this kind of mind-numbing, lowest-common-denominator dreck for free by flipping on the television and finding The Jerry Springer Show.	30 minutes went by and the movie took a sharp left into saps-ville, crashing and burning like a 74 'Cuda wrapped around an oak tree.	...none of it is funny.	A comic named David Spade stars in a movie called Joe Dirt, and that's about as funny as things get here.	"not a great movie by any means, (but) an amusing way to pass the time."	If you fall within the target audience of Joe Dirt, you may find it funny. Otherwise, the jokes will seem like a tired retread.
An impressive achievement, often suggesting a weird expressionist blend of 2001, The Warriors, Blade Runner and Forbidden Planet.	Pounding away, it becomes monotonous.	Still one of the best techno science fiction thrillers of all time	Rightfully considered one of the greatest accomplishments in sci-fi storytelling.	Easily the most breathtaking and kinetic anime ever made.	Akira is distractingly bloody and violent, but its phenomenal animation and sheer kinetic energy helped set the standard for modern anime.
It's free of gimmicky twists, to be sure, but it's also lacking tension, ingenuity and fun.	Imagine Reservoir Dogs, re-cut as a completely linear film, then stripped of its snappy dialogue, innovative shot design and compelling characters.	A surprisingly tight heist movie that is much better than you expect. The solid cast of actors take you on a wild ride.	Not a classic like Reservoir Dogs but a perfectly watchable thriller thanks to a cast of old pros.	Armored won't win any prizes, but it does offer comforting evidence that there's still room for a well-crafted B movie among CG-laden spectacles.	This B-grade thriller has a good cast and director but is undone by plot holes and messy conclusion.
Aliens are simply the flashy Hollywood vehicle through which Shyamalan channels a more redeeming message.	Offers an exceptionally intriguing premise and a flat follow-through.	You JUST KNOW something is about to jump out of the darkness and make you wet your pants. Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. And therein lies the fun of "Signs."	The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense, surprise and consistent emotional conviction.	Shyamalan's got to be the best Hollywood suspense director since Brian de Palma.	With Signs, Shyamalan proves once again an expert at building suspense and giving audiences the chills.
The Russians are still burying World War II, which seems to have been almost a bigger event for them than communism. One of the interesting burial details is The Cuckoo.	[A] gentle, often funny, always very human film about loneliness and unexpected companionship...	Demonstrates how little communication has to do with language. And isn't that what the greatest films show us?	The movie lost me in an extended dream sequence, set in the afterlife.	A mystical fairy tale by Alexander Rogozhkin as beautiful as it is tender.	A sweet and amusing comedy.
God help us all.	...and introducing Pauly Shore.	This is every bit as insipid as it sounds, but it's also surprisingly innocent and has a most unexpected sweetness.	The real question is whether Dave and Stoney and Link are worthy heirs to Bill and Ted or Wayne and Garth. Not really.	stupid but endearing	Encino Man isn't the first unabashedly silly comedy to embrace its stupidity and amass a cult following, but whether or not it works for you will largely be determined by your tolerance for Pauly Shore.
Still sounding amazingly fresh, the brothers' good spirits and storytelling are as infectiously appealing as their punk rock seems to be a fountain of youth	The music's better than the stories.	A Band Called Death shines the light on a previously unexplored corner of musical history and does it in an accessible, straightforward manner.	The story of Death sure adds an interesting and virtually unknown footnote to the annals of punk rock.	It was fans' ardor that began the Death revival and propels the movie's exhilarating second half.	A Band Called Death is not only a fascinating portrait of a pioneering rock group, but also a tribute to family ties and perseverance in the face of hardship.
All in all, it's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakthrough, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior. He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns.	It's silly, at times laughable, sure, but Jaa has a reckless, bone-cracking grace that transcends the film's triviality. For fight fans, he's worth the price of admission.	... it's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies.	Jaa is energetic and inventive as he climbs walls and performs backflips; Pinkaew directs like a video game creator, and together the two of them couldn't care less about plot.	While the story doesn't really hold up throughout the film, the action sequences are some of the best I've seen.	Despite some impressive fight scenes, this trimmed-down version of the Thai action pic is an off-putting mix of scant plot, choppy editing, and confusing subtitles and dubbing.
Littered with clichés and lacking even a speck of originality, this gothic snoozer is yet another entry in the if-we-build-it-they-will-come horror sweepstakes.	What's really frightening are the outrageous plot solutions, laughably cliché scenes and sudden shifts in tone -- all of which don't amount to too many thrills.	A promising first act crumbles under the weight of the second and third act's reliance on CGI and horror movie silliness.	I'm tired of horror movies that demand the audience put aside its urban skepticism and just 'believe' because the writers can't find any way out of a messy script.	Kassovitz ... seems totally oblivious to how silly this all gets.	Berry's acting talents can't save Gothika from its preposterous plot and bad dialogue.
Yasujiro Ozu was a master film-maker who specialised in middle-class family melodramas known in Japanese as shomin-geki, and this moving story is one of his finest achievements.	It ennobles the cinema. It says, yes, a movie can help us make small steps against our imperfections.	Newcomers to Ozu must be prepared for a rigidly controlled work with no mobile-camera shots. This style elegantly frames the delicate performances, which in turn do justice to the wisdom and compassion of Ozu's view of life.	With its debt to Leo McCarey's 'Make Way for Tomorrow,' Yasujiro Ozu's 'Tokyo Story' is no less true, shattering, and not for viewers fretting about unsympathetic grown-up children.	The film is full of feelings, all understated, all with the tenor of universal truth.	Tokyo Story is a Yasujiro Ozu masterpiece whose rewarding complexity has lost none of its power more than half a century on.
If you've seen Lost Boys Of Sudan, much of this will seem familiar. It's basically different boys and a little star-power backing. If you haven't seen their story, it's worth a look.	The sobering portrait is a rather conventional production that moves on to the next bullet point with an efficiency in place of exploration.	About the untold ways in which males can and have nurtured one another in ways that build and create a sense of family and community.	The Lost Boys' gratitude for simple things will humble those of us accustomed to comfort and opportunity. Their endurance, ambition, and compassion should inspire us.	The movie manages to be an elegantly rendered portrait of the refugees' uneasy, but dogged engagement of American possibility, braced by an equally dogged plea to acknowledge the horrible conflict that still keeps them from returning home.	Not just a powerful telling of the journey of exiled Sudanese boys, God Grew Tired of Us is also a poignant account of the determination of the human spirit.
Even Michael Moore's weakest and most convoluted film is an excellent documentary which will enlighten and scare you.	Michael Moore may be a little rough and unkempt, but he's preaching a story we must all hear. This is no fairy tale.	Isn't it Washington that took money from the taxpayers to bail out the banks? Shouldn't Moore run his yellow crime-scene tape around the White House?	Michael Moore's Capitalism: A Love Story is something else -- not a good movie or a coherent exposition of the meltdown but an emotional attack on capitalism as a system, an attempt, literally, to de-moralize capitalism.	Moore has always stood proudly for progressivism, and that works in his favor now.	Love him or hate him, Capitalism captures Michael Moore in his muckraking element -- with all the Moore-centric showmanship that entails.
It is, of course, a must for Miike's legions of fans, of which I am one. It also should serve as a way for mainstream audiences to become acquainted with Miike.	Far and away the finest section is the final showdown, smoothly and swiftly shot with excessive violence and gore.	Miike surprises for all the wrong reasons.	It's a perfect execution of its genres and offers enough of a gimmick to maintain interest. Unfortunately, Sukiyaki never rises above its roots and, strangely enough, doesn't actually offer up anything new.	For all the visual originality, Sukiyaki seems framed by quotes, a long string of self-conscious references to other films, notably the 1966 Italian Western Django.	Inventive and off-kilter, the newest feast from J-Horror director Takashi Miike is super-sensory, self-referential and somewhat excessive.
Suspend your disbelief here and now, or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits.	Huppert, for her part, is magnificent, an enigmatic echo of her twisted musician in Michael Haneke's horribly grandiloquent The Piano Teacher.	Though slow-paced and a bit too impenetrable, this film offers a number of pleasures, the best being another fascinating performance by Isabelle Huppert, one of the world's finest actresses.	It's enough to watch Huppert scheming, with her small, intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain, and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins.	A witty and suspenseful tone poem with a magnetic Isabelle Huppert as a perverse, central character.	Boasting a masterful performance by Huppert, Merci Pour Le Chocolat is a suspenseful psychological thriller.
A ruthlessly satisfying thriller, The Keeping Room will linger with the viewer long after the credits roll.	A unique, enthralling movie from start to finish.	While it's well-made and periodically attentive to motivation, "The Keeping Room" rarely pushes the viewer to the edge of their seat.	Whatever its intentions, "The Keeping Room" does little more than preserve the illusion of a martyred, righteous Confederacy.	A tough and rather merciless film that makes no bones about the horrors of war. It is also a strong and strident story of how three very different women unite as they defend their home and each other.	Aided by its spare setting and committed performances, The Keeping Room is just fascinatingly off-kilter enough to overcome its frustrating stumbles.
Easily Affleck's best directed film yet, Argo also ticks off a number of boxes on the Best Picture nominee checklist: grand scope, historical basis, uplifting story of human triumph. The movie's great escape sequence goes a little overboard,though.	Mel Brooks meets John Frankenheimer ... a strange blend of inside Hollywood comedy and docudrama. The parts don't always mesh, but they do often enough to assure Affleck another crowd-pleaser	Three films into his directing career, and Ben Affleck shows no sign of getting less good or slacking off with those serious mainstream movie ambitions.	Argo is never less than wildly entertaining, but a major part of its power is that it so ominously captures the kickoff to the world we're in now.	The details make for a rip-roaring story, which Affleck invests with old-school directorial élan.	Tense, exciting, and often darkly comic, Argo recreates a historical event with vivid attention to detail and finely wrought characters.
Peter Sollet's "Raising Victor Vargas" is a special film, independent in the truest sense of the word.	Getting terrific performances from his nonprofessional cast, writer-director Peter Sollett has created an affecting, honest and humorous portrait of adolescence.	At once sympathetic and unsentimental, this is a model of low-budget storytelling on a human scale.	A great little film that, while lacking visual flair, portrays a faith in and understanding of mankind that is difficult to find anywhere these days.	It's fun to see the characters struggle with maintaining their tough personas while wanting to let someone into their hearts.	A coming-of-age tale marked by its authenticity.
Simple-minded situation comedy, but undeniably appealing.	Funny, dated sexist comedy	Director Leonard Nimoy does not use his ears for comedy -- nor his eyes, even. His three leads recite their lines as though they wanted to take their jumbo-sized salaries and run -- which, given this movie, maybe isn't such a dumb idea.	A brilliant mix of comedy, drama and thrills. A real delight.	Still charming and watchable. The three leads show their comedy potential.	The American remake of the popular French comedy mostly works a charm under the combined talents of the three leads, who play nicely against type -- although forced plot elements and sentimentality at times dampen the fun.
Almodovar knows how to tug on the heartstrings, and his filmmaking skills are well-displayed. Nonetheless, some fans might come away disappointed.	Rich in compassion, humor and complexity, All About My Mother not only brings its central characters from darkness to light, it suggests a brighter future for the bedraggled art of cinema.	Almodóvar's best to date.	All About My Mother is a wonderful Mother's Day card, in any language.	An emotionally satisfying and brilliantly played take on the ups and (mostly) downs of a group of less-than-typical female friends.	Almodovar weaves together a magnificent tapestry of femininity with an affectionate wink to classics of theater and cinema in this poignant story of love, loss and compassion.
...a Gigli-level, what-were-they-thinking disaster that may nonetheless find a cult following among lovers of magnificent misfires.	'The Warrior's Way' is one hot mess of a movie. It has the best cinematography of the year, hands down. It has ninjas, clowns and cowboys doing battle.	full review at Movies for the Masses	Wedged somewhere between the furious imaginations of Tsui Hark and Sergio Leone, the feature is an idiosyncratic ode to pure screen heroism thwarted by the junky instincts of its untested writer/director.	Starts strong, ends with a slick tableaux and in between disappoints with a steady acceleration that not even a quietly charismatic performance by star Dong-Gun Jang, nor the image of a clown with a gun during the film's climactic shoot-out, can surmount	Perfectly, thoroughly divisive, The Warrior's Way will either be delightful or unbearable, depending on your tolerance for surreal, shamelessly over the top collisions of eastern and western clichés.
Boy could have been a twee mush of cuteness and bathos but it's not, in large part because of the outstanding cast of unself-conscious Maori kids.	"Boy," from New Zealand, has its charms, most of them to do with Boy, an 11-year-old pop-culture enthusiast who's obsessed with Michael Jackson and moonwalking.	Boy is one of the most successful films of all time in its home country and it's not hard to see why. It's about that moment every child experiences when they realise their dad or mum is not a hero but just a human being.	There's a poignancy to Boy, apart from the humour which is a great component of the film, to make it a truly original piece of cinema. It is full of craziness and heart.	Boy needn't be pop-culturally fluent to be relatable; believable human characterizations would have sufficed.	Boy possesses the offbeat charm associated with New Zealand film but is also fully capable of drawing the viewer in emotionally.
Demme... captures Dominique's energy and hunger for human rights, sometimes by doing nothing more than locking down the camera and letting the guy talk.	The mark of an effective documentary feature is its ability to work on more than one level. And by those standards at least, The Agronomist is very effective.	An unexpectedly moving and exciting story that's arrived with a most ordinary title and a subject matter not likely to make heartbeats quicken.	Jean Dominique was a man worth remembering, and Demme does him justice.	Traces the life of this brave, exuberant spokesman for freedom of the press and human rights in a country that has known little of either.	A well-made, emotionally engaging documentary about Haitian social activist Jean Dominique.
This quiet, introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking.	An impressive debut; it looks and feels like life.	Convincingly acted across the board, it's a film with a lot on its mind, a story whose crises slowly gain in intensity, gathering like threatening storm clouds on an initially clear horizon.	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness.	There's certainly nothing objectionable about Tully, but there's nothing remarkable either. It resides in that cinematic middle ground of not-bad, not-great, just okay.	A beautifully acted, quietly moving little film.
A film is not just about intent. It is also an experience, and this is where "At Berkeley" becomes an iffy proposition.	The observations coalesce into a cogent whole, providing insights that are never overtly stated.	The running time may be intimidating, but At Berkeley absolutely belongs on the short list of the year's finest documentaries.	Frederick Wiseman brings his insightful and layered filmmaking to one of America's most liberal institutions.	"At Berkeley" is the 38th in Mr. Wiseman's series of films about contemporary institutions; as always, he finds symbolic resonance in seemingly random observations.	Its generous running time will test less forbearing viewers' patience, but for filmgoers seeking more of director Frederick Wiseman's observant brand of documentary, At Berkeley satisfies.
It's a party for your eyes and memory banks	Its shallowness is nonetheless in tune with its subject: the gory, violent, sex-crazed Australian exploitation films of the '70s and '80s.	Engaging, fast-paced documentary about the glory days of Australian exploitation movies that will delight existing fans of scurrilous films from Down Ynder and recruit new one from the ranks of moviegoers who aren't offended by extensive nudity, violence	Although Not Quite Hollywood was clearly put together with fanatical love, the suspicion remains, as often with genre cinema, that these trash-rich movies are a lot more fun to hear about, and to watch in snatches, than to sit through.	Hartley's own film is much livelier than most of those he is out to celebrate -- partly because of its abundance of genuinely hair-raising behind-the-scenes footage.	A raucous, fast-paced celebration of the Ozploitation films that came out of Australia in the 1970s and 1980s.
Who would have thought that the Hollywood version of a European film would be grittier and more downbeat than its predecessor?	The Last Kiss is a good movie.	An alarming male wallow passing as a fetching date-night dramedy in which four men entering their fourth decade respond with lunkheaded awfulness to the mysteries of women, each in his own lunkish way.	Entertaining and insightful, but the shift from comedy to melodrama is a bit drastic.	... improves on the original in just about every way, thanks to just about everybody involved, starting with director Tony Goldwyn, and a cast headed by Zach Braff and the ubiquitous Jacinda Barrett	You'll either find the The Last Kiss to be a phony bore or a refreshing take about young 20-somethings at the crossroads between their carefree lifestyle and responsibility. Zach Braff and the rest of the appealing cast make the case for the latter.
Coogan creates a protagonist who's as much a hack as he is an inspiration, an idiot who you root for in the film, but you'd rather not have as a personal friend.	It has some hilariously humiliating jokes (Coogan really has no fear) and some surprisingly pointed real-life humor (Elisabeth Shue, you are a genuine sport).	[It] is not going to be for every taste, but it is easily the funniest movie to be released this year.	The movie is an ideal showcase for the talents of Coogan.	Despite the richness of the premise for comic invention, however, Hamlet 2 remains a rather mediocre experience, offering sporadic laughs but never achieving the level of consistent humor necessary to make this memorable.	The script's biting premise and Steve Coogan's endearing, off-the-handle performance make Hamlet 2 an hysterical -- if slightly painful -- ride.
The new version helped me see the soul because, ironically, this rendering is so much brighter. Noir or not, a film you can't see properly is a film you can't fully appreciate.	Director Ridley Scott's 1982 film Blade Runner is arguably the most famous and influential science fiction film ever made.	A very dark and far too long thriller with many dull moments that would serve the film better by moving along a bit faster.	It's science-fiction. It's film noir. It's action. (It's awesome.)	Probably close to being on par with Fritz Lang's Metropolis in terms of grandeur -- although of a stunningly different and far more unsettling kind.	Misunderstood when it first hit theaters, the influence of Ridley Scott's mysterious, neo-noir Blade Runner has deepened with time. A visually remarkable, achingly human sci-fi masterpiece.
While it's not nearly as beguiling as the Coen's last pic, the uncanny The Man Who Wasn't There, Cruelty is still a brisk hoot.	The script is whip-smart. The Coens come closer to the zaniness of their greatest comedy, Raising Arizona, then they have in all of their movies since then.	It's determined to keep Clooney's considerable comedic skills front and center. He's never been looser, sexier, or more antic.	One of the most inspired, scathing, and downright side-splitting comedies to come out of Hollywood this year.	It's not on a par with Fargo or O Brother, but it's a solidly funny movie, a hybrid, weird-bird film like only the Coens can make.	Though more mainstream than other Coen films, there are still funny oddball touches, and Clooney and Zeta-Jones sizzle like old-time movie stars.
Guaranteed to puzzle Europeans auds, but of course it's not made for them.	The movie keeps its balance better than its leering title might suggest.	The one to beat for worst movie of the year.	Jason Sudeikis completes his 2011 dude-comedy trilogy with A Good Old Fashioned Orgy, a genial film of good old-fashioned humorlessness.	I know a few women who haven't been to a Hollywood comedy since they made Katherine Heigl sleep with Seth Rogen. "Orgy" isn't going to bring them back to theaters.	Its titillating title promises ribald laughs, but the lazily written, indifferently acted, and only sporadically funny A Good Old Fashioned Orgy fails to consummate.
A classic thriller/whodunit of the 1940s. Unfortunately, it remains solidly in the past.	Preminger's deft direction creates an elegant noirish tone, and he elicits near-perfect performances from everyone, even a pre-Horror Schlock Vincent Pryce.	...slightly overrated...	A truly haunting study of obsession.	A camp classic of a very particular variety.	A psychologically complex portrait of obsession, Laura is also a deliciously well-crafted murder mystery.
Director Xavier Gens admirably tries his best with the material but he is failed by a sub-par script by Skip Woods.	Can a video game turn a movie into a hit, man? Maybe. But that doesn't mean that "Hitman" is far removed from its video game origins.	A slick take on sniping, strangling, homicidal body doubles, and a seductive Moscow sex slave in distress, the property of a local baddie, whom the hero invites to tag along from inside his car trunk, don't ask.	...even the most forgiving action fan will walk away disappointed by this mess.	An army of skinhead assassins in matching suits seems a bit conspicuous for an agency supposedly shrouded in secrecy.	Hitman features the unfortunate combination of excessive violence, incoherent plot, and inane dialogue.
If nothing else, its thematic originality makes it a unique and groundbreaking work.	The subject is certainly worthy, but Singleton's script is too repetitive, pedantic, and protracted to do it justice.	Good acting lends some balance to director's liking for sermons.	Tyrese may be the marquee name, but Rhames is a man among Baby Boys.	Singleton's take on the world he creates with such verve is so penetrating, so tough-minded and so provocative that you are swept up and held spellbound.	Preachy and repetitive in parts, Baby Boy still manages to exude authenticity, thanks to its competent cast.
"Le Havre" is a passing fancy of a film, but it passes quite nicely indeed.	Uses Kaurismäki's dry wit to tell a tale that's more earnest and political than anything he's done, but which retains the skewed Scandinavian worldview we've come to expect.	offers plenty of things to talk about but perhaps the most remarkable part about it is its confidence of style and its sober-eyed sense of uplift	There's something extremely pure about this simple yet beautiful film in which ordinary people do extraordinary things	It is rare and welcome to watch a movie that automatically assumes people will do the right thing at the slightest provocation.	Aki Kaurismäki's deadpan wit hits a graceful note with Le Havre, a comedy/drama that's sweet, sad, and uplifting in equal measure.
One can't take Thirst seriously, even with its ironic cha-cha music cues, when Park sets up his usual elaborate sentimental ending -- further variation on his typical self-flagellation and mortification of the flesh.	It's fun (if overlong), but for all the noisy slurping, there's no fresh blood.	Those who thrive on gore, twisted sexuality and brutish handling of women can drink their fill from this film. More serious arthouse critics, however, may balk at the script's soapy excesses.	Red blood and black humour spurt hard as Thirst reveals itself to be one of the most deliciously skewed incisions into the vampire romance subgenre.	Movies exist to cloak our desires in disguises we can accept, and there is an undeniable appeal to Thirst.	The stylish Thirst packs plenty of bloody thrills to satisfy fans of both vampire films and director Chan Wook Park.
Director Charles Martin Smith overcomes the dialogue limitations and schmaltz, and using a pesky pelican for comic relief, crafts a film that appeals to kids and families.	It's a mild shame that "Dolphin Tale" director Charles Martin Smith and his screenwriters have chosen to lard the true-life saga up with a bunch of easily digested imaginary detail straight out of the bland Hollywood feel-good recipe mix.	Those looking to leave the cinema with a warm glow should seek this one out.	Karen Janszen and Noam Dromi have built a screenplay around a true story that draws on familiar Hollywood-movie tropes, but plays well just the same...	Move over Flipper, Winter is the new dolphin star.	Wisely dialing down the schmaltz, Dolphin Tale is earnest, sweet, and well-told, a rare family film that both kids and parents can enjoy.
A first class examination of corporate greed, the fluidity of reality, and man's constant need to portray himself as the hero.	In adapting reporter Kurt Eichenwald's non-fiction account of Mark E. Whitacre, the corporate corn husker turned federal snitch, Soderbergh has given this incredible story exactly the amount of insanity it deserves.	The Informant! is Soderbergh in larky mode, which in its sterility has recently become virtually indistinguishable from his cerebral mode.	Soderbergh is a good listener, too, always alert to the myriad ways his characters reveal, conceal and finally betray themselves in thought, word and deed.	Damon is rock solid as the pudgy, toupé-wearing informant, as is Lynskey as his loving wife.	A charismatic turn by star Matt Damon and a consistently ironic tone boost this quietly funny satire about a corporate whistle-blower.
Helmers Frank Anderson and Barry Poltermann had the bright idea to preserve Reilly's show on film, and... it is indeed an invaluable record.	Anyone expecting epicene camp or gossip about Gene Rayburn and Fannie Flagg will not know what hit them.	... a poignant tribute to the one-time Broadway star best known to the public at large as a game-show wit and Johnny Carson guest.	Thank goodness Frank L. Anderson and Barry Poltermann decided to document actor and TV personality Charles Nelson Reilly's autobiographical one-man show.	For a performer who turned banter into an art form, Reilly's stage production, Save It for the Stage, was the ideal vehicle for his autobiography.	The Life of Reilly is a humorous and endearing look at the late comedian.
Disheartening and dysfunctional, it's distinguished primarily by its remarkable performances.	As good as Theron and Oswalt are, and they're very good, Young Adult doesn't give them enough room to breathe.	Diablo Cody continues to exorcise adolescent demons and Charlize Theron delivers her best performance in years.	The second teaming of Diablo Cody and Reitman, a serio comic fable about the maturation of a delusional femme, is elevated considerably by Charlize Theron's full-bodied, multi-nuanced, Oscar-caliber performance.	Starring Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt, it has all the deliciousness of watching reality TV, because it's a train wreck where the main offender learns nothing at all.	Despite its somewhat dour approach, Young Adult is a funny and ultimately powerful no-holds-barred examination of prolonged adolescence, thanks largely to a convincing performance by Charlize Theron.
A high-tech version of 1984, and is all the more scary because of our rapidly advancing technology that makes the film not seem so farfetched.	It is a step in the right direction for the sci-fi genre being more cerebral than visceral.	A film that substitutes intelligence for explosions.	Andrew Niccol is a man to watch. I can't wait for his next movie.	It predicts the way the world would change in 2001--and how our films would reflect that change.	Intelligent and scientifically provocative, Gattaca is an absorbing sci fi drama that poses important interesting ethical questions about the nature of science.
You won't forget this film -- it's devastating.	Khandahar delivers pretty much what one would expect from one of the masters of the New Iranian Cinema -- deceptive simplicity and sheer poetry.	Moves not like a story but a poem, and the images it presents to us are unforgettable.	This film is more didactic and less cinematic than I might like, but Makhmalbaf speaks from the heart and the film should be judged accordingly.	Cinematography and field acting/improvising is so strong and heartfelt, the imperfections are easily overlooked. Eye-opening, compelling and extremely timely.	Eerily timely, Kandahar offers haunting images of a bleak land.
Spike Lee's He Got Game is gripping in spite of itself.	As usual, Lee tries many kinds of stylistic effects and uses wall-to-wall music (by Aaron Copland and Public Enemy); what's different this time is how personally driven the story feels.	Spike Lee frames the playground basketball sequences with energy and style.	A two-hour air ball.	The year's first Hollywood movie to burst with palpable feeling.	Though not without its flaws, He Got Game finds Spike Lee at or near the top of his late-period game, combining trenchant commentary with his signature visuals and a strong performance from Denzel Washington.
One of the classic Christmas movies that is so happy about being sentimental it's enchanting rather than sickly sweet.	Takes consumerism and...condemns it in a meaningful and thought-provoking way.	Formulaic, but charming.	Yes, Miracle On 34th Street is pure Hollywood hokum... But the film is pretty savvy too, getting a jump on mounting anxieties about the post-war cult of consumerism.	A touch labored but lovable.	Irrefutable proof that gentle sentimentalism can be the chief ingredient in a wonderful film, Miracle on 34th Street delivers a warm holiday message without resorting to treacle.
Planes,Trains and Automobiles is a very funny film.	Man versus technology has been one of the staples of screen comedy since the earliest silent days, and Hughes makes the most of the format here packing as many of the frustrations of modern life as he can into this calamitous travelog of roadside America.	The finest comedy screenplay John Hughes ever wrote.	Hughes has written and directed (he also produced) a perfectly balanced comedy that squeezes every last laugh out of a concept so simple you wouldn't think it could possibly succeed.	One of the funniest films ever made...	Thanks to the impeccable chemistry between Steve Martin and John Candy, as well as a deft mix of humor and heart, Planes, Trains and Automobiles is a hilarious, heartfelt holiday classic.
We hear so much that Neo is "The One" the "Oracle" spoke of in "The Prophecy" that I began to think his midiclorines predisposed him to The Force.	Expands and redefines the mythology of The Matrix, confounds our expectations, wows us, toys with us, shows us things we have never seen. It is, in every way, a work of tremendous imagination.	"Matrix Reloaded" is a smart, exotic, erotic, intriguing action film; a superhero sci-fi film for adults.	A cycle of mind-blowing action and off-target philosophical rambles that alternately build momentum and deflate it.	The actors are beautiful; the fight scenes flawlessly choreographed; there are philosophical one-liners aplenty. But it lacks purpose.	Though its heady themes are a departure from its predecessor, The Matrix Reloaded is a worthy sequel packed with popcorn-friendly thrills.
Glossy entertainment value but far from art.	Laughable in more ways than I can possibly comprehend.	Women of the Fifties, rise up in protest.	Soap, bath-size.	A conformist fantasy disguised as a valentine to female empowerment.	Though Mona Lisa Smile espouses the value of breaking barriers, the movie itself is predictable and safe.
Lovingly crafted by Stanley Tucci, it is a tribute to food, to all things American, to immigrants trying to make it, and to the love between brothers.	A lyrical love poem to food and family (or is it family or food?), this serio comedy joins the company of other fun movies about eating, such as Babette's Feast and Like Water for Chocolate.	It will paste a big, sloppy smile on your face from its opening moment. Good luck at dislodging it.	Delicious adult fare sure to leave you hungry.	When it comes to seeing Big Night, two words say it all: Bon appetite!	The performances in Big Night are wonderful, and the food looks delicious.
Ultimately feels more like a collection of cool anecdotes than a story.	In the moment it's thrilling stuff, but strung together over hours it becomes clear that [Richet] has absolutely nothing to say about Mesrine.	Killer Instinct is generally fast-paced but the need to cram about 15 years of Mesrine's life into less than two hours results in uneven patches.	To play this larger-than-life character, Richet casts a similarly magnetic performer, Vincent Cassel, an actor who combines the explosive intensity of a young Pacino with the slow-burning restraint of a young DeNiro.	The events may be accurate, but Mesrine is so episodic that it's slightly maddening to watch.	It's undeniably uneven, but Vincent Cassel's electrifying performance makes Mesrine: Killer Instinct a gangster biopic worth seeking out.
an interesting yarn, but while watching it I was unable to shake that it was so ... freaking ... slow.	Adrenalin junkies may have to look elsewhere but this dark, wintry slice of post 7/11 espionage packs its own punch in admirably singular style	elegant, sparse, and scrupulously acted but dramatically stunted	Perhaps it accurately conveys the more mundane side of the war on terror, but that doesn't make for an entertaining film.	Hoffman's an actor who could do just about anything, but being authentically German is not one of them.	Smart, subtle, and steadily absorbing, A Most Wanted Man proves once again that John le Carre books make for sharp, thoughtful thrillers.
Exists somewhere between The Blair Witch Project and a particularly edgy Rankin/Bass holiday special. It's a crafty motion picture with ingenious visual effects and a healthy sense of humor, but it overstays its welcome.	A monster movie-disaster film hybrid that doesn't take itself too seriously. The combination works beautifully making the piece wildly enjoyable and surprisingly believable, too.	For such a direct and plainly titled film, Trollhunter doesn't have a clue as to what it wants to be.	A leisurely, shambling, deadpan movie about a man who finds trolls and kills them. That's enough.	They spend a great deal of time roaring, bleating, squealing and snorting at a very high volume, which is, after a point, too much of a muchness.	Trollhunter is a mockumentary with an appropriate level of creeping dread, but one that also benefits from generous helpings of dry wit.
It doesn't add anything new to the extreme-sports subgenre, but it does show that for the athletes who pursue them, there are always new, more impossible challenges to face.	The stories of survival and resilience border on the superhuman and impress, as does the lucid cinematography.	The photography is of course lovely (if you make an un-lovely documentary about climbing, you're doing it wrong).	We likely learn more about [the mountain] than we do the human beings trying to climb it...	Ultra-riveting documentary Meru will leave you spinning and sweating.	Gripping visually as well as narratively, Meru is the rare documentary that proves thought-provoking while offering thrilling wide-screen vistas.
This lean, mean, surprisingly sultry thriller about fate, luck, greed and guilt is Woody Allen's best since "Mighty Aphrodite." Plus, it boasts a vintage-Allen metaphor of a bobbling tennis ball that, in a great gotcha scene, becomes a damning motif.	[Allen's] most satisfying film in more than a decade ...	... one of the best adult films of the year, a sleek moral quagmire that will no doubt be compared to crap like FATAL ATTRACTION, but which outclasses it in all regards.	Regardless of who made it, it's a strong film about forbidden love and the quandary of a man torn between his better instincts and his raw emotions.	This dark tale of societal comfort combines Allen's witty writing with the confusion and distress of making major life decisions.	Woody Allen's sharpest film in years, Match Point is a taut, philosophical thriller about class and infidelity.
Another great argument in favor of the current restoration-and-rerelease trend, Contempt is a cinematic masterwork that superbly satires the filmmaking community with subtle yet biting aplomb.	The star pouts prettily, as always; Palance is fascinatingly evil; and famed director Fritz Lang plays himself with aplomb.	I would argue that Godard's eclecticism must be acknowledged and understood before one can genuinely appreciate the film.	An expensive international production, but still one of Godard's most personal and most perverse films.	A profoundly sad yet beautiful fable about the cinema.	This powerful work of essential cinema joins "meta" with "physique," casting Brigite Bardot and director Godard's inspiration Fritz Lang.
Not the film we were promised but no shame either, Miami Vice is loaded with just enough thrills and spills to keep us glued to our seats.	Michael Mann must have mistaken neon lights, awkward sex scenes and bad pop songs for a good movie.	Vice revels in the creative latitude that an R-rated feature provides without departing from the show's rudimentary structure.	[Michael Mann's] remake of his own property is dull, cliché, routine, and pointless.	While this Vice isn't in the same league as Mann's Collateral (2004) or Heat (1995), it's a gritty, ultra-dark thriller, and it contains two of the best 'kill shot' scenes in recent years.	Miami Vice is beautifully shot but the lead characters lack the charisma of their TV series counterparts, and the underdeveloped story is well below the standards of Michael Mann's better films.
A mishmash of recent films.	There is nothing more appealing to watch in a movie than one character teaching another, except perhaps when two characters teach each other.	Finding Forrester is not the fastest-paced film in the world, nor the most stirring. It is however the most complete portrait of what it means to be a writer that I've seen in a long time.	Handled deftly by Van Sant, who holds out on sentimentality for as long as possible.	Finding Forrester is a positive experience, a movie you can sit back and enjoy. It will make you laugh, anger you at times, and may even bring a tear to your eye. It's a movie that may envelop you like a warm hug.	Despite the predictability of its plot and its similarity to Good Will Hunting, Finding Forrester has an honest, solid feel to it and good rapport between Connery and Brown.
An astounding real situation becomes a simplistic war between obvious bad guys and a lone hero who can't be denied.	When shots go in and out of focus, and when over the shoulder shots actually obscure the subject's face, that's not okay. You should know what you're shooting, even if it's constructed as 'documentary' style.	Greengrass -- reuniting with Damon -- does so with plenty of verve, plunging us into the chaos of the conflict in its earliest days and gradually pulling into focus a clear-headed narrative of what might have happened.	While compared to Greengrass' finest movies it's a minor effort, it offers enough excitement to pass muster--especially since its basic argument, provable or not, carries a real punch.	Well done, if not amazing, "Green Zone" is an entertaining war thriller that delivers more often than not.	Matt Damon and Paul Greengrass return to the propulsive action and visceral editing of the Bourne films -- but a cliched script and stock characters keep those methods from being as effective this time around.
As a fan of the books, I was skeptical that the movies could re-create their gentle, humane, messy spirit. But I'm happy to report that Ramona and Beezus captures the characters almost perfectly and that Joey King is an ideal Ramona.	It won't change anyone's world, but it'll keep kids happy -- and cool -- for a couple of hours.	True, it's just a bit overlong for junior attention spans, but given that the boys get lots of movies with wizards and special effects, little girls will surely welcome a film that seems tailored just for them.	Captures the spirit of the Beverly Cleary books and offers a Ramona who's a believable combination of mischief and innocence.	A pleasant 1950's old-fashioned family drama that's gentle and adorable.	If Ramona and Beezus fails to capture the essence of its classic source material, it's sunny, sweet, and wholesome.
Bully is a solid documentary but one that's built to garner a specific reaction. In doing so Lee Hirsch has missed an opportunity to go deeper into the issue, offering a faceless enemy to protest against.	Sad, timely and affecting documentary about this country's bullying epidemic will move audiences but should wake up educational and law-enforcement authorities to take action rather than let these abuses continue.	I hope all middle schoolers and high schoolers will see this movie -- and parents, teachers, and school administrators, too.	The filmmakers do not show all sides of the issue and it doesn't go far enough. It doesn't help that the subjects are a bit bland and the only non-white student represented is a black teenager in Juvi? Really?	Leaves us moved by poignant scenes of victims' shattered lives, but, for reasons unclear, keeps the bullies themselves largely out of our reach.	Hard-hitting and gracefully filmed, Bully powerfully delivers an essential message to an audience that may not be able to see it.
Más que una remake, una readaptación de la novela original hecha con mayor fidelidad. En sus mejores momentos (y Temple de Acero tiene varios buenos momentos) los Coen siguen demostrando por qué son dos de los más brillantes cineastas de la actualidad.	The Coens don't need to reinvent or deconstruct the Western. This isn't a 21st century take on anything, it's just a damn good Western story told damn well.	True Grit stands as an impressive deconstruction (and revalorisation) of the western genre, as a vast improvement on Hathaway's True Grit from the late Sixties, and as a collection of excellent performances, fine technique and oddball moments	Like a cowboy lassoed behind a horse, the Coen brothers have dragged the Western kicking and screaming into the 21st Century... and How!	Uninspired compared to previous efforts, making it fairly blatant the Coens should stick to their own original material.	Girded by strong performances from Jeff Bridges, Matt Damon, and newcomer Hailee Steinfeld, and lifted by some of the Coens' most finely tuned, unaffected work, True Grit is a worthy companion to the Charles Portis book.
Disney-sanitizer wafts through--there are few bloody, mercenary moments. Some action sequences are cartoonish. And for such a talky picture, the dialogue's not charged enough.	Not as clever as the first, as fun as the second or as epic as the third, On Stranger Tides is still a decently fun swashbuckler it just isn't a very good one.	Depp's caricature is so far past its expiration date that it forces speculation about the actor's own movie stardom.	With further sequels already in the works, and billions more to be made, I would nevertheless like to point out that the wind went out of these pirate ship sails a long time ago.	Rob Marshall should walk the plank.	It's shorter and leaner than the previous sequel, but this Pirates runs aground on a disjointed plot and a non-stop barrage of noisy action sequences.
As summer-movie entertainment, Troy delivers the Trojan horse, and then some.	"Gladiator" it isn't. But it's a good solid popcorn-munchers' action flick all the same.	Alas, like the famous Trojan Horse, Troy is hollow on the inside.	Buff, blonde and beautiful, Pitt turns the Trojan War into something like the model contest in Zoolander.	a 'chick flick' war adventure that suitably adapts Homer to inspire thousands of high school comparative essays.	A brawny, entertaining spectacle, but lacking emotional resonance.
It's a somber feature, but one of extraordinary character development, bundled into a compelling story of men facing their sins in a most brutal, pitiless manner.	Enjoy it for the handsome wide-screen vistas, the interplay of the actors, the classical sweep of its story line. Just don't expect the new, soul-searching Eastwood to be any more dramatically convincing than the old.	This is the finest set of performances ever to grace a Clint Eastwood movie, and this time Eastwood even does a good job directing Eastwood. Every bullet in this movie matters.	This isn't just a great Western. It's a great movie, no matter what the genre.	He's old, he's pissed, and he's gonna kill everyone. Dude, it's Clint. Enough said.	As both director and star, Clint Eastwood strips away decades of Hollywood varnish applied to the Wild West, and emerges with a series of harshly eloquent statements about the nature of violence.
Sleek, beautiful and packed with emotion, not too flashy but full of heart, this is a movie worthy of its unlikely yet glorious subject.	Seabiscuit grew out of a restless, populist strain in American culture. Seabiscuit, decorous to a fault, pays tribute to that spirit without partaking of it.	The film stymied my every attempt to like it until I was forced to conclude that despite the pine-fresh smell it emits by virtue of its release date, it's just not very good.	It's undeniably a crowd pleaser, and there's a lot to be said for that. But it's ultimately a good movie that just tries too hard to be a great one	The film becomes a parable about the power of seeing potential and cultivating it, even in those who do not aim so high themselves.	A life-affirming, if saccharine, epic treatment of a spirit-lifting figure in sports history.
It's two-thirds of a great film but the slow start and unremarkable first hour hold it back. Still, for those who buy into the precept that "good things are worth waiting for," The Walk unquestionably delivers.	"The Walk" is every bit like a showman who dares to dazzle the audience but won't bore them with the details.	In the sense of the sheer physical awe it conveys, The Walk makes a more compelling case for 3D's continued existence than any other film has to date.	It is, as it should be, a slight, mischievous, light-footed film, full of imagery.	Dazzling, dizzying, daredevil experience...	The Walk attempts a tricky balancing act between thrilling visuals and fact-based drama -- and like its wire-walking protagonist, pulls it off with impressive élan.
This a frank, and slightly scary film about one of America's most cherished democratic privileges - freedom of speech - and how you're more than welcome to it as long as you don't say anything controversial. Then you're off the air.	The most fascinating aspect of the movie is the inside look at the image-management industry as it futilely works to rehabilitate the band's image among its red-state, country-radio base.	... [Kopple] takes us inside big-dollar professional entertainment and lets us see ego and stupidity and self-indulgence at play just as fiercely as artistry.	[Natalie Maines] makes it clear in this astonishingly candid, intimate film that she doesn't think she has anything to apologize for.	Exposing almost as much small-mindedness as Borat did, this provides food for thought as well as some darned good ditties.	Though ostensibly an intimate look at the Dixie Chicks after their 2003 anti-Bush remark, the film achieves broader relevance by exploring how media, politics, and celebrities intertwine.
Often remembered as sentimental holiday-themed 'Capra-corn'... but in fact leavened by darker themes and a more rigorous moral about self-sacrifice.	There are hokey moments galore and the ten minutes preceding the final five are almost too corny but nothing can diminish the overall effect of this heartwarming tribute to an ordinary man.	It's a Wonderful Life achieves a fine balancing act between pathos and feel-good that is delivered by an outstanding cast.	George Bailey and Bedford Falls never looked so good!	Deserving of one viewing per year, preferably without the interruption of commercials.	The holiday classic to define all holiday classics, It's a Wonderful Life is one of a handful of films worth an annual viewing.
The best concept for an animated film ever. One of the true great full-length cartoons.	Throughout Fantasia, Disney pushes the edges of the envelope.	The artistry is better than usual Disney. I don't know why, but the visuals look even more beautiful than they usually do.	Fantasia is simply terrific -- as terrific as anything that has ever happened on a screen.	Breathtaking animation feat -- with some creepy visuals.	A landmark in animation (and a huge influence on the medium of music video), Disney's Fantasia is a relentlessly inventive blend of the classics with phantasmagorical images.
Given the subject matter, Inside Out is undoubtedly the bravest story that Disney-Pixar have ever tackled together.	The film's message is about psychological health. I imagine that quite a few psychology papers will be written about this movie. I don't know if the film's thesis is right, but it is interesting and entertaining.	Has moments that are as emotionally gutting as anything I've seen in a Pixar film. At the same time, I was surprised at how fleeting the experience felt.	"Inside Out" is an absolute delight - funny and charming, fast-moving and full of surprises. It is also a defense of sorrow, an argument for the necessity of melancholy dressed in the bright colors of entertainment.	Inside Out is a movie that will make you a better human being.	Inventive, gorgeously animated, and powerfully moving, Inside Out is another outstanding addition to the Pixar library of modern animated classics.
A modestly fun little comedy.	The broad obvious jokes are generally tossed away with a panache that might be mistaken for subtlety; the performances are affable; and there's even the odd surprise along the way.	Blast From the Past is the type of totally innocuous film where the viewer is neither better nor worse for having watched.	It was during the movie's hilarious and frenzied big dance number that I came to the full realization that I had grown to love Blast from the Past.	Director/co-scenarist Hugh Wilson does acceptable work here, yet the concept's myriad possibilities for satirical and fairy-tale riffing go untapped.	Cute idea, but not consistently funny.
The film is a charmer, filled with homey details that make you nostalgic for a warm and spicy tortilla soup.	A Resplendently basic, lovey- dovey and inside-out King Lear.	This flavorful tale is bound to pique discerning appetites.	Hector Elizondo lords over his uniquely messed-up offspring with a knowing twinkle in his eye. He's having fun, and so are we.	Certainly isn't indigestible, but by comparison to its more savory source, it's considerably less than mouth-watering.	An English remake of Ang Lee's Eat Drink Man Woman, Tortilla Soup is as charming and flavorful as the dishes it features.
It takes a simple story, the restraint and growing passion between two people whose spouses are cheating on them, and plays endless blue notes into the steamy morning hours. In the Mood for Love... is more than a romance. It's about the jazz of the heart.	This film raises its fascination with enveloping atmosphere and suppressed emotion to a ravishing, almost hypnotic level.	The performances are masterly, and the photography beautiful. A genuinely romantic romance.	Like Chabrol's La Ceromonie, it escalates everyday tensions until they became much more realized and pointed feelings.	A beautifully-tailored, low key (but always dramatic) story.	This understated romance, featuring good performances by its leads, is both visually beautiful and emotionally moving.
Every so often, I see a movie so uniformly dopey that I wonder if it's a gag, and I'm not in on it. Maybe the whole thing's meant as camp, a cosmic joke only the most sophisticated viewers will get.	So tepid that even Nancy Drew loyalists may take a pass on any further cinematic adventures.	The age-old mystery doesn't exactly thrill, but there's humour here and there and a swotty heroine that parents, at least, will approve of.	This update on the Nancy Drew saga uses old-fashioned stylings in a modern context to confusing, and none-too-suspenseful effect. It's a non-event that fails to do the much-loved character justice.	Fleming's Nancy Drew isn't just bad, it's fascinatingly bad.	Emma Roberts is bubbly and charming as Nancy Drew, the junior detective. But despite her best efforts, Nancy Drew still lacks excitement, surprise, and compelling secondary characters.
'Monsters University" is an imaginative, raucous, wildly inventive cartoon of a movie.	A charming, well-crafted trifle - at least until the subversive last act, when it sets its sights a bit higher.	Pixar has done it again. Literally. Monsters University has loads of laughs and heart.	As with all of the Pixar films, the visuals are terrific and the vocal work is spot on. I just wish as much imagination and fun went into crafting the story and dialogue. (Full Parental Review also available)	Passes basically any test you would be likely to throw its way, except for the one where it justifies the fact that it exists.	Offering Monsters, Inc. fans a return visit with beloved characters, Monsters University delivers funny and thoughtful family entertainment for viewers of any age.
Aren't Annie Hall calibre, but they are remarkably more recognizably human than what passes for most movie romantic comedy.	This jovial and knowing aperitif of a movie is a charming example of what has come to be known as the date movie.	Scenes seem designed more for cuteness than believability. And never is the chemistry between Adam and Kate genuine, which is the kiss of death for a romantic comedy.	This one tastes like a sour apple I had on a blind date many eons ago.	Wait until it hits cable.	Famke Janssen's charm fails to rescue the movie from a dull screenplay.
In spite of its flabbergasting self-absorption, August Rush's devotion to following through on its screwy internal logic is almost genius.	If Charles Dickens were alive today, he might be writing projects like August Rush, the unabashedly sentimental tale of a plucky orphan lad who falls in with streetwise urchins as he seeks the family he ought to have.	There is a lot of talent wasted in August Rush, a would-be weeper that comes across remarkably flat.	It would be nice to say this predictable fantasy has such a big heart, we can forgive its excesses. But director Kirsten Sheridan overplays nearly every already-corny scene.	...warmly affecting at times and almost unbearably saccharine at others.	Though featuring a talented cast, August Rush cannot overcome the flimsy direction and schmaltzy plot.
The most peculiar aspect of the movie is that some of it is played straight.	A bone-headed farce that embraces its banality with sheer jubilation. Farley and Spade bring their inspired and nutty SNL antics to frenzied form.	Farley and Spade have a definite chemistry, and they do their best to pick up the slack. [Blu-ray]	This Tommy Boy is no pinball wizard, but you may leave the theatre wishing that the character were at least deaf, dumb, and blind.	Raunchy, funny, and not for younger kids.	Though it benefits from the comic charms of its two leads, Tommy Boy too often feels like a familiar sketch stretched thin.
This labor of love from the Shue siblings is a better than average sports movie. More than that, it's about a family pulling together to help one member achieve her dream.	The [Shue] family's passion for the story is evident, and it shows through in a well-acted and even inspiring movie that will hold particular appeal for young female athletes.	This more homespun film doesn't let down its story or the Shue family. Its plain integrity outshines predictability. It is feminist without cant. And Schroeder delivers perhaps the finest young female performance of the year.	Meant to be a thrilling inspiration, it only feels a little like a teacher-recommended Afterschool Special.	Gracie is painfully earnest, which might be OK were it not also painfully trite, painfully cliched and painfully formulaic.	Gracie can be rousing and touching in spots, but is ultimately undone by its predictable story arc and a lack of nuance.
This being a Hollywood movie, the realistic is soon left out on the curb as quickly as a Christmas tree on December 26, and as mournful-looking.	As a brainless laugh riot, it's as funny as a flu epidemic. As a drama, it's an unintentional Robin Williams vehicle sour beyond its shelf life.	A cereal pack of space-and-psych movie clichés, scrambled together like Fruit Loops but recognizable in bite-size doses.	A warm, fuzzy and funny duet between [Kevin] Spacey and [Jeff] Bridges.	Although the romantic notion of presenting an irreverent soul at the heart of this film feels like a savvy commentary on the fragile human condition, K-Pax gets lost in its gawky chattiness.	For those who have seen One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest or Starman, K-Pax may not hold anything new. The movie works best as a showcase for Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges.
A film that is both a celebration and a wistful look back.	A schmaltzy filmed record of a Nashville concert given by the legendary former rocker, who has morphed into the new Kenny Rogers.	Young, wizened yet valiant, his voice still braying at the moon, delivers these songs of aging and loss as if caught in a beautiful dream of what lies waiting for him on the other side.	All the apprehension and nostalgia in the music translates beautifully to the screen under Jonathan Demme's direction.	...The arrival of Neil Young: Heart of Gold should be an inspiration to music buffs and cinephiles alike.	Proving that it's neither better to burn out nor fade away, Neil Young: Heart of Gold works both as a concert film and a meditation on mortality.
A fun and unique animated action adventure.	Absolute magic.	It has a sense of wonder.	Certainly, the eye is busy throughout this movie. Verbally, however, it's an often-daunting affair.	It's all sort of lifeless -- no suspense, no compelling characters.	Atlantis provides a fast-paced spectacle, but stints on such things as character development and a coherent plot.
We're a long way from algae-based biofuel, and until that day, maybe watching less crappy television and spending more times with your kids isn't such a bad idea.	An interesting socio-analytical documentary that preaches valuable messages regarding global conservation. My problem is I wanted to shoot the film's pompous messenger.	As much a sociological study, of the way a modern urban couple relate and negotiate for individual priorities, as a practical experiment of living a sustainable lifestyle, "No Impact Man" is a thought provoking documentary that's as entertaining as it is	The film, like Beavan himself, leaves an unholy mess of contradictions in its wake, but most productively, a great deal of those contradictions are our own.	This curiosity piece should stimulate interesting conversations about the lessons learned from the viewing experience.	Half enviro-saving doc, half publicity stunt, No Impact Man is inspiring and fun to both casual activists and hardcore recyclers.
A tame, glittery spoof without a brain in its head or a character worth caring about.	Everett's Camilla Fritton, sporting a blonde wig reminiscent of another Camilla, spits out lines through prominent teeth and indulges in 'me time' at the easel, brush in hand %u2026 There are some good ideas and a few laughs, but it's all a bit Camilla-on	When you look at it again, the old film was not only superior but rather more radical. This St Trinian's looks as if it is aiming at the lowest common denominator, and finding it too often.	Rowdy 12-year-old British girls might get some modicum of narcissistic pleasure from "St. Trinian's" (loosely based on Ronald Searle's WWII era cartoons), but no one else will.	Talulah Riley is simply sensational and newcomer Gemma Arterton pulls off a brilliant debut as sexy head girl Kelly.	Both naughtier and campier than Ronald Searle's original post war series, this St. Trinian's leans on high jinks instead of performances or witty dialogue.
The film should make a mint for everybody.	Dreadful unwatchable movie version of the campy Batman television series popular in the 1960s.	Campy, colorful fun with the Caped Crusader plus several of his TV villains.	Campy fun	Unlike other attempts at bringing these characters to life... the TV cast really captures the inherent insanity of the roles	Batman: The Movie elevates camp to an art form -- and has a blast doing it, every gloriously tongue-in-cheek inch of the way.
Nothing more than an attempt to squeeze a few more dollars out of the success of the freakishly popular 1999 original.	The first piece of Pie is so good, you have to have another. The second piece is okay, but by the time you get around to the third piece, it usually starts to make you a little sick.	American Wedding has the decided taste of day-old bakery -- although, of course, that could just be some errant body fluid.	A groin-numbing onslaught of sexual-humiliation and emission-ingestion gags.	Pure check-your- brains-and- pants-at- the-door rowdiness!	Raunchier and even more gross than the first two American Pies, American Wedding ought to please fans of the series.
Slow, simple, quiet and intriguing. Payami investigates possibilities, and his curiosity carries us along.	A gem, captured in the unhurried, low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave.	A comedy that provides serious testament to the arduous, often dreary, always imperfect work of democracy.	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran's electoral process, but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast.	The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches. The story plays out slowly, but the characters are intriguing and realistic.	A moderately funny comedy that will reward patient viewers.
Wall*E has adventure, danger and thrills to be sure, but for this viewer, the animated tale seemed to be more about the animation and less about the storytelling.	It is all about some serious problems our world is facing. Under the laughs and the humanized robots this is a serious science fiction film and well above average for the genre.	Vastly overrated movie with all the charm of two vacuum cleaners making love.	For adults there aren't a lot of surprises, but that doesn't mean you won't revel in the Pixar-perfect execution of another story well told.	Disney-Pixar's greatest film yet; one of the ten best movies of 2008	Wall-E's stellar visuals testify once again to Pixar's ingenuity, while its charming star will captivate younger viewers -- and its timely story offers thought-provoking subtext.
Tired "against all odds" picture.	seriously heartwarming	It's Ruettiger's persistence that his teammates and the film celebrate. For that, Rudy earns a rousing cheer.	Directed with composure, but no great fervour, the film's conspicuously uninterested in American football, and much concerned with testing the limits and the resilience of the American dream.	Well acted but overly familiar and sentimental sports tale of the underdog	Though undeniably sentimental and predictable, Rudy succeeds with an uplifting spirit and determination.
The action is tense. Dark shadows and long moody silences predominate. The dialogue is clipped and sparse: Melville's heroes are men and women of few words and big deeds.	Emerges from the mists of time in a new 35mm restoration as a career-capping epic tragedy.	It's a strange enough film, yet weirdly great. No movie has quite gotten the clammy weight of fear, the sense of hopelessness that would necessarily haunt underground workers.	Another Melville masterpiece	It doesn't require a lot of dialog and action to create a mood; instead it fills the screen with tension and the constant threat of danger.	Originally made in 1969, this recently reissued classic is a masterful examination of the inner workings of the World War II resistance efforts.
The CG-effects to replicate crowds and buildings, the fake scenery, the flimsy plot and the cheap dialogue all spell a budget-conscious production.	Did I miss the ballyhoo, or is this the least anticipated sequel since Big Brother 6?	The Legend of Zorro passes corny right by and goes for silly, and stupid, and boring.	Filmmaking this slack may be one reason why box-office receipts have been dropping.	The Legend of Zorro is so stodgy and slow, it makes even an out-of-control steam engine seem like nothing more than a lot of hot air.	Zorro can survive a lot of things, but it looks like he can't survive marriage.
The story is as meandering as it is self-indulgent.	This is just another male menopause movie, marred by unlikely dialogue and hokey theatrical symbolism.	Strikes some resonant chords but also hits notes that simply don't ring true and are borderline risible at times.	Totally lacking pretense and easily accessible, this character driven film is beautifully captured	The story is faintly ridiculous, but the cinematography and composition are beautiful and even stunning.	The cinematography conjures beautifully evocative landscapes, but aside from that, the film is meandering and pointless.
You probably won't be missing out if you don't see this film but if you do, you'll spend a pleasant time.	It is similar to the original but juiced up with new gags and gimmicks that should compete nicely with the action-oriented fare now reigning in multiplexes.	This 1998 romantic comedy mostly bores with its cumbersome exposition and close-ups of trivial objects scattered throughout lackluster montage sequences.	Responsibility for making this Trap tender rests heaviest on the bird-size shoulders of auburn-haired, freckle-faced Lohan, now 11, who won the unenviable job of making us forget about Hayley Mills -- at least temporarily.	The spunky Lindsay Lohan, the lead in Disney's remake of The Parent Trap is one of the best new actresses in years.	Writer-director Nancy Meyers takes the winning formula of the 1961 original and gives it an amiable modern spin, while young star Lindsay Lohan shines in her breakout role.
Essentially one big long chase scene that never wants to stop, and with good reason. Because whenever it does, the audience might start thinking.	... all middle with no beginning -- and, of course, no end, so the franchise can go on.	These franchise films are best when they feature working actors such as Renner.	The Bourne Legacy is one of Alfred Hitchcock's "refrigerator movies," in that it succeeds pretty well "in the moment" but starts to fall apart when considered in retrospect.	They really should promote it as The Bourne Legacy starring Jeremy Renner, Rachel Weisz and a photo of Matt Damon We Will Show Every 5 Minutes To Make You Feel Like Matt Damon Is In The Movie.	It isn't quite as compelling as the earlier trilogy, but The Bourne Legacy proves the franchise has stories left to tell -- and benefits from Jeremy Renner's magnetic work in the starring role.
He leaves a lot of loose ends in "Poetry," letting the viewer form his or her own interpretation of what happened and what it means. But the ending, especially the devastating final shots, feels complete and perfect.	A Korean movie about an aging housemaid that turns out to be one of the best films of the year.	From Alzheimer's, rape and suicide, Lee has created real poetry.	What makes Poetry so involving is that it's never clear how the story will be resolved.	As Mija searches for poetic inspiration, "Poetry" filmgoers will revel in it.	Poetry is an absorbing, poignant drama because it offers no easy answers to its complex central conflict.
Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it's a satire.	When scenes, performances and even individual shots in Lord of War are considered alone, they're brilliant.	This is a political, thinking person's film, not the action-comedy previews might suggest.	As a drama, it isn't much. As education, its heart is certainly in the right place. As an entertainment experience, it's more than a bit of a repetitive.	(Nicolas) Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing. He's that good.	While Lord of War is an intelligent examination of the gun trade, it is too scattershot in its plotting to connect.
It has the tough guy lead, dozens of mad car crack-ups, tons of gratuitous violence, sweaty B-movie appeal, and even a couple of A-talent actors, but in the end Death Race runs around in circles.	Yes, it's a big ball of stupid, and yes, it's pretty damn fun.	The movie makes no demands on its audience, except to cheer in all the right places.	No fancy talk here, just solid, monosyllabic obscenities; no flights of digital fancy, just souped-up monster cars flipping end over end in a napalm blaze and crashing in a crunch of flaming metal ouch.	Anderson's remake of the 1975 Paul Bartel cult film Death Race 2000 is surprisingly effective bonehead fare.	Mindless, violent, and lightning-paced, Death Race is little more than an empty action romp.
This drama has a lot of wit and humor, and is pretty enthralling -- and at less than 100 minutes, the film practically flies by.	Dryly funny and unexpectedly poignant, Stephen Frears' restrained comedy of manners weaves together decorous gossip and a fascinating look beneath the facade of pomp and ritual to capture Britain's royal family.	Brilliantly enigmatic. It is a tribute to director Stephen Frears and screenwriter Peter Morgan for refusing to take the easy route in storytelling.	To cut to the chase, this film is entertaining, literate, interesting and wonderfully performed.	On screen, she's a marvel, so much like the Queen that you find yourself searching her face for remnants of the ravishing Mirren.	Full of wit, humor, and pathos, Stephen Frears' moving portrait of the British royals during the period after Princess Diana's death features not one but two remarkable performances, that of Helen Mirren as Queen Elizabeth II and Michael Sheen as the newly-ordained Prime Minister Tony Blair. They embody their characters and lay bare the motivations behind these prominent people, giving viewers a glimpse into the inner workings of the British monarchy.
With powerfully developed characterizations and keen observation, writer/director Akin doesn't settle for a formulaic resolution.	Sardonic and matter-of-factly shocking, Head-On draws us in because it recognizes how inexplicable, inconvenient and inescapable love is.	Heartbreaking in the best way.	In an odd spin on the immigration story, rootless Cahit and Sibel are ultimately too complex for the fiction that holds them.	Isn't exactly a pleasant viewing experience, but it has a passion that's difficult to ignore.	A raw, provocative drama about star-crossed love and the lives of immigrants caught between the traditional and modern.
Intensely juvenile, casually sexist, and blatantly stupid in ways that few if any over the age of "T for Teen" or bereft of a Y chromosome could enjoy. [3D Blu-ray]	The Transformers series comes to a merciful close with this hopelessly anticlimactic installment that is, as expected, just as underwhelming and unwatchable as its predecessors...	The third outing for a herd of toys that should have stayed in their boxes.	Loud and long, this 3rd installment boasts a better plot and impressive CGI while maintaining its juvenile level of comedy - the target audience will likely love it.	[Bay], having seemingly learned nothing from the last film, allows just about all of the same mistakes to be made yet again.	Its special effects -- and 3D shots -- are undeniably impressive, but they aren't enough to fill up its loud, bloated running time, or mask its thin, indifferent script.
Unfortunately, Che doesn't feel epic -- just long.	Soderbergh's eye for detail builds over time, until the film becomes as layered as some richly leaf-carpeted jungle floor.	Tedious, overlong and self-indulgent.	The director sees Guevara as a pure humanitarian. ... The films are excellent, but understanding this complex historical figure requires more than one source.	The Guevara portrayed here has humour but no irony: his commitment to the revolutionary ethos leaves little room for doubt, neurosis, or private loyalties of any kind.	Though lengthy and at times plodding, Soderbergh's vision and Benicio Del Toro's understated performance ensure that Che always fascinates.
...convoluted, but fast paced and high tempo...I just sat back and enjoyed the banter and quirky filmmaking at which Ritchie excels.	So this is Guy Ritchie's big comeback? Huh.	Ritchie still has the knack for street-tough dialogue, and there's plenty of laughs amid the gunplay.	Sometimes it amounts to a laugh or two.	Muscular girth. Mark Strong emerges as a sexy star.	Mixed reviews for Guy Ritchie's return to his London-based cockney wideboy gangster movie roots, but most agree, it's a step in the right direction following two major turkeys.
El Dorado is not striking or groundbreaking, but it's accomplished enough.	The story is a bit thin and predictable, but the chemistry between the romantic, reckless Miguel (Branagh) and the more practical and frustrated Tulio (Kline) makes El Dorado work.	A nice animated trip for kids, but hardly a required journey for grown-ups.	The less you know about history, the better your chances of enjoying this movie . . .	The story, written by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, while never boring, never quite catches up to the evolving spectacle.	Predictable story and thin characters made the movie flat.
Despite slow pacing and stretches of clunky dialogue, it is visually imaginative, frank and sensitive as it avoids being another tearjerker about children who are different.	Elle Fanning is vivid in her conveyance of the hurt, anger and loneliness of being different.	The taxing whimsy of Phoebe in Wonderland proves more grating than poignantly escapist.	Phoebe appears to have obsessive-compulsive disorder (or something), but Phoebe in Wonderland is so intent on celebrating her as 'special' that it quirks up the trauma of her issues.	Let Clarkson and Fanning take you to the rabbit hole of seductive enchantment that defines this movie.	Blessed with a good cast, Phoebe's heart is in the right place, but its execution is dicey.
There's something powerful lurking in the deep.	I was completely absorbed throughout All is Lost and appreciated the skill with which Chandor brought his very specific vision to life.	Chandor's movie gives us the Hemingwayish essentials and then some.	The ordeal envelops us with each roll of the waves.	Redford's voice might be largely silent, but the soul is there and the magnitude of all that is lost hits home.	Anchored by another tremendous performance in a career full of them, All Is Lost offers a moving, eminently worthwhile testament to Robert Redford's ability to hold the screen.
Despite all the outrageous comedy and raunchy bathroom jokes, [the Zuckers] create endearing characters that are likable.	Like the ZAZ lads' other films, this is a movie made for a VCR Saturday night. They supply the jokes; you bring the microwave popcorn and modest expectations.	The Naked Gun is destined to become a cult comedy classic. If the holiday run doesn`t make a bundle, the returns on the video cassette will.	Who needs decency and good taste when you've got gags this funny? A classic of its type.	All in all, a balloon-sized hoot.	The Naked Gun is chock full of gags that are goofy, unapologetically crass, and ultimately hilarious.
A lunk-headed train wreck that looks like a tag sale in a 323 B.C. supermarket in old Peking.	It's like being in school, pinned down by a monotone teacher; most of the movie gives off an almost irresistible urge to nap.	General mistakes all across the board contribute and reinforce each other to bring it down	Alexander looks great... Unfortunately...when the characters start talking, it all falls apart.	This movie is unremittingly dull, visually unappealing, narratively muddled, inadvertently campy, wretchedly performed -- and that's just for starters.	Even at nearly three hours long, this ponderous, talky, and emotionally distant biopic fails to illuminate Alexander's life.
"The Manchurian Candidate" is a taut, timely thriller.	[T]he film's overabundance of preposterous pop-corny-ness and simultaneous and surprising naivete defang it.	Beautifully made and unsurpassingly creepy, it's the rare remake with something contemporary to add.	Like Demme's previous Washington starrer, Philadelphia, it's got something to say -- and says it well.	An "A" for effort...Still, the frayed plot strands of the 2004 Manchurian Candidate make it a lame duck to Frankenheimer's first-term thriller.	While not the classic its predecessor is, this update is well-acted and conjures a chilling resonance.
A gay cowboy movie, you say? No, no, this is so much more.	Explores the heartache of two gay cowboys who incarnate the basic human needs for wholeness, fulfillment, and a true love who accepts you as you really are.	What really sets the film apart from most movie romances is not its same-sex theme but its visual grandeur and exquisite powers of observation.	Brokeback Mountain is concerned with poignant storytelling and not once is this compromised by the glistening manlove.	Film with much religious and mystical imagery.	A beautiful, epic Western, Brokeback Mountain's love story is imbued with heartbreaking universality thanks to moving performances by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal.
A true epic in every sense of the word!	It's a slow, reverential biopic, but it compensates for its sedate pace with a dry, gentle humour and a humanity that befits its extraordinary subject.	...a huge, sprawling, old-fashioned epic...yet it manages also to maintain an intimacy with its subject that helps us to understand Gandhi as a person as much as an icon.	Ben Kingsley is nothing short of mesmerizing in the title role.	Both script and camera serve only as a canvas upon which the masterful Ben Kingsley paints a touchingly lifelike picture of one of the greatest men in history.	Director Richard Attenborough is typically sympathetic and sure-handed, but it's Ben Kingsley's magnetic performance that acts as the linchpin for this sprawling, lengthy biopic.
Streamlined, brisk and tight.	When camera operators are moving around a set more than the actors, it may be time to scale back a bit. Fortunately, Bourne finds some sort of violent pick-me-up at each stop on his worldwide vengeance tour.	The leanest and most exciting of the series yet, a chase movie of breathtaking purity.	...a moving and sometimes gut wrenching account of this latest holocaust. But, with so much focus on Iraq, this fine documentary may fall by the wayside.	This is a film about momentum, gravity, trajectory. It's a physics lesson wrapped up in an espionage thriller, and when director Greengrass yells 'Action!' he means it.	The Bourne Ultimatum is an intelligent, finely tuned non-stop thrill ride. Another strong performance from Matt Damon and sharp camerawork from Paul Greengrass make this the finest installment of the Bourne trilogy.
The stars are quite literally aligned for widespread critical approval of 'Get Low,' but the movie's aura of prestige hardly reflects the subpar reality.	Robert Duvall is 79 now and still hits it out of the park every time.	Get Low is deftly played, and it rarely mislays its ambling charm...	It's Duvall, spooky, sly, and sad, who makes all the props and the plot twists seem real.	As if it even needs to be said, Robert Duvall really is great as Felix Bush; he reveals himself so slowly and steadily, as to unveil facets of his character and personality only when he sees fit. It's a performance that deserves a better screenplay.	Subtle to a fault, this perfectly cast ensemble drama is lifted by typically sharp performances from Robert Duvall and Bill Murray.
Remarkably fun to watch.	Half-baked piece of garbage.	A mind-numbing monster movie.	If you can overlook its lapses in character logic, you'll have a ghoulishly good time at this more-ambitious -than-usual shocker.	Habrá quien le rinda aplauso de pie, y habrá quien lo aborrezca y desee lo peor para el director, pero les prometo que no les dejará indiferentes...	Jeepers Creepers has a promising start. Unfortunately, the tension and suspense quickly deflates into genre cliches as movie goes on.
Brilliant but maddening documentary about WikiLeaks tries to solve the puzzles behind two mysterious figures, Julian Assange and Bradley Manning.	Having recently released documentaries on clerical abuse, Mario Cuomo, Park Avenue, Lance Armstrong and, now, WikiLeaks, Gibney seems in danger of becoming an actualité machine.	Outstanding, cool-headed documentary.	Documentary tackles complex issues of truth and safety.	Engaging, kinetic, revelatory and unexpected.	As fascinating as it is provocative, We Steal Secrets: The Story of Wikileaks presents another documentary triumph for director Alex Gibney, as well as a troubling look at one of the more meaningful issues of our time.
A cerebral, female empowerment flick which takes its cues from empathy and understanding as opposed to two-fisted testosterone.	Tamblyn's performance is a delicate balancing act; she has to stealthily reveal who Stephanie is to us while still holding back the most vital information until the very end.	However you feel about her character and what she may or may not have done, Tamblyn's portrayal of Stephanie Daley is softly devastating.	Tamblyn's surprisingly measured performance commands attention.	Doesn't quite rise above being a common "issues" movie, but it at least handles said issues with intelligence and tough realism.	The premise has all the trappings of melodrama, but the excellent performances give the characters complexity and empathy.
It is a harsh-but incredibly moving-piece of filmmaking, a work of genuine depth and sensibility that never loses its focus or compromises its integrity.	Polanski demonstrates his devotion to his material by finding a way to play the classical compositions almost in their entirety rather than as fragments, stressing the importance of the instrument as much to the story as to the man.	Roman Polanski recreates this story with a great deal of passion.	One of the very few nondocumentary movies about Jewish life and death under the Nazis that can be called definitive.	Not since 1974's Chinatown has Polanski reached such dramatic heights.	Well-acted and dramatically moving, The Pianist is Polanski's best work in years.
The Freudian farce Unconscious is paced so breathlessly that it keeps you panting to keep up with each new plot twist.	The film is so opulently and noisily aestheticized it gives the illusion of being smarter than it is, though it benefits from some endearing performances.	Are the Spanish the only ones these days able to make movie comedies that are smart, sexy, wacky and graceful all at once?	Laboring in the wide shadow of Almodóvar and lacking much in the way of visual distinction, Unconscious compensates with its cast's full-tilt commitment to rip-snorting farce.	Spanish writer/director Joaquin Oristell brings 2006 to a mostly delightful close with Unconscious, a clever and sweetly risqué period farce brimming with frothy charm and tongue-in-cheek wit.	A comedy that tackles outrageous subjects (pornography, transvestism, bisexuality and drug abuse) with both grace and mischievous glee.
Donner exerts just enough effort to get this job done, but not enough to achieve anything close to excellence.	Richard Donner's latest buddy-action flick is thick with wrong decisions.	The film kicks and lurches like a dying jalopy, undermining the otherwise lean efficiency with which Donner steers his metropolitan odyssey.	16 Blocks is a cozy, spry little humdinger, returning Donner to material that nurtures his confidence, and offers a limited location he can get creative with.	Its dialogue is sassy, its plotting is taut (maybe too taut, as key segues are AWOL), but 16 Blocks has more on the brain than mere distraction. It aims to save souls.	Despite strong performances from Bruce Willis and Mos Def, 16 Blocks is a shopworn entry in the buddy-action genre.
As is often the case with Carpenter, the concept is better than the execution.	John Carpenter's They Live has cult favorite written all over it, and part of the reason is the way it regenerates the cheap, juicy, surprisingly potent sci-fi of the 1950s.	Behold the message as articulated by John Carpenter's sublime sci-fi opus: "I'm giving you a choice: Either put on these glasses, or start eating that trashcan."	An engaging and compelling minor sci-fi flick.	They Live is a paranoid thriller that stretches a paper-thin budget with inventive special effects that serve the story and a message that still holds water today.	A politically subversive blend of horror and sci fi, They Live is an underrated genre film from John Carpenter.
A raucous, funny and fresh look at the 3 C's: conservation, consumerism and consumption (of the excessive and conspicuous kind).	click to read full review in Greek	Leave it to a bunch of hilarious woodland critters to teach us suburbia-bound humans a few things about living life Over the Hedge.	Manages to come up with a fun and simple premise, and then fills it with some enjoyable characters and a manic Looney Tunes style energy	It's all a bit underwhelming.	Even if it's not an animation classic, Over the Hedge is clever and fun, and the jokes cater to family members of all ages.
Do you remember when Chevy Chase was funny? Yeah, (sigh), me too.	A timeless comedy. Hysterical.	Relive some of your own dreadful family vacation moments with National Lampoon's comedy classic, Vacation.	sublimely silly	The Griswolds are a national treasure.	Blessed by a brilliantly befuddled star turn from Chevy Chase, National Lampoon's Vacation is one of the more consistent -- and thoroughly quotable -- screwball comedies of the 1980s.
If The Ultimate Gift really wanted to embrace a powerful Christian message, it would've made Jason's ordeal truly threatening and genuinely transformative.	The Ultimate Gift is kind of like a feel-good Saw for churchgoers, minus the sadistic games of death.	It's Self-Help: The Movie, and it stinks to high heaven.	Pretty much what one would expect: a sincere story of redemption delivered with all the low-key execution of one of those Hallmark-backed TV movies of the week.	It is message filmmaking so blunt you might be tempted to root for the parasitic reprobate over the saintly old man, and that's just not right.	Though The Ultimate Gift avoids religious speechifying like other Fox Faith films, it's dramatically inert with flat direction.
The Fly seizes on our ingrained, instinctive horror of sexuality, the sense of shame that our fundamentally puritanical society can't help but teach us, and by confirming our worst fears, helps us, for a moment, to move beyond them.	One of the standout horror films of the 1980s.	Only Cronenberg can get away with working out his raw phobias on screen while being poignantly witty and repulsively entertaining at the same time.	The Fly is almost unique for a horror movie in that it compels us sympathize with and root for the characters.	David Cronenberg's remake of the 1958 horror classic The Fly is not for the squeamish. Casting Jeff Goldblum was a good choice as he brings a quirky, common touch to the spacey scientist role.	David Cronenberg combines his trademark affinity for gore and horror with strongly developed characters, making The Fly a surprisingly affecting tragedy.
...a stupid, unfunny movie that shows that intellectual bankruptcy in the executive suites of Hollywood continues into the 21st century.	Imagine my disappointment then, which grew to disbelief, which turned into utter disdain, by the time the credits rolled on this clunker.	A large portion of manufactured quirk served up with a side-order of constrained Jack Black that comes across as an elaborate build up to a punch line that never happens.	A sweet, offbeat movie about caring for others.	Black has the potential to be the rare comedian capable of making lemons into lemonade, but the fruit he's squeezing here is bone-dry.	At times hilarious, but other times offensive, Director Jared Hess is unable to recapture the collective charisma of his Napoleon characters, instead relying on a one-joke concept that runs out of steam. Sure to entertain the adolescents, however.
This suspense film by first-time writer-director Bryan Bertino initially squeezes some surprisingly effective scares out of familiar elements. Sadly, the scenario quickly becomes attenuated and unbelievable.	The usual stupidness ensues. "Stay here darling with the axe-wielding psychos while I go and get help," says Speedman. Ugh.	This is straight-up nightmare fuel, unredeemed by compelling characters or interesting motives.	I don't remember hearing young women scream like this in a theater since I saw "Double Jeopardy" some years back in a packed auditorium.	An effective, scary emotional work-out, but perhaps you can have too much paranoid despair.	The Strangers provides a few scares, but offers little else to distinguish itself from other slasher films.
... A thriller that favors solid, old-fashioned filmmaking over cheap gimmicks and special effects.	A taut, timely thriller propelled by international intrigue and global terrorism.	Penn's bleary realism and Kidman's classy professionalism are often at odds, but the movie works as an intriguing political thriller nonetheless.	As sleek and solid as a late-'50s Cadillac, The Interpreter is very much your father's -- perhaps, your grandfather's -- thriller. And that's a good thing.	Phew...finally! A solid, top-to-bottom movie coming out of Hollywood that isn't a remake, a rehash, a TV show, a sequel...	A polished and intelligent thriller, though marred by plot implausibilities.
Both funny and sad, the comedy was in the vein of Brooks' Terms of Endearment, except it was more eccentric and nuttier and in moments genuinely touching due to strong chemistry between Jack Nicholson and Helen Hunt.	A joy to watch these characters.	A thoroughly enjoyable comedy about a horrible man.	The movie succeeds at many moments even while pursuing its doomed grand design.	Humorous, romantic, personal.	James L. Brooks and Jack Nicholson, doing what they do best, combine smart dialogue and flawless acting to squeeze fresh entertainment value out of the romantic-comedy genre.
born from watching too many episodes of Jerry Springer, and the filmmakers decided it would be more accepted by the Academy if the characters had British accents.	Notes on a Scandal is a wicked delight.	Deliciously devilish. Skillfully executed in terms of acting, directing and writing...one caustic, taut tale about indiscretion and the ill-advised ways of broken people.	Notes on a Scandal builds creepy suspense, abetted by the repetitively gripping Philip Glass score. The film doesn't quite deliver the powerhouse finale I would have liked, though the memory lingers of these sad women and their desperate behavior.	Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett star in a misanthropic game of cat and mouse from which no one emerges unscathed, including saps like us who think we're watching a film about other people.	In this sharp psychological thriller, Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett give fierce, memorable performances as two schoolteachers locked in a battle of wits.
It's a movie that is all heart.	Basketball fans will be weeping like babies.	[A] compelling, enjoyable yarn.	The movie's enormous craftsmanship accumulates till you're actually seduced into believing all its Pepperidge Farm buncombe. That's quite an achievement.	Pic belongs to Hackman, but Dennis Hopper gets another opportunity to put in a showy turn as a local misfit.	It may adhere to the sports underdog formula, but Hoosiers has been made with such loving craft, and features such excellent performances, that it's hard to resist.
The best version by far of the Lassie story, an ocean away from the sappy June Lockhart TV series.	Bring plenty of hankies if you accompany your children to this latest screen incarnation of the beloved collie.	You know people keep saying 'they don't make movies like that anymore'? Well, in the case of Lassie, they have. And they've made it well.	Lassie déjŕ vu filmed in the magnificent British Isles with more than enough animal stampedes to enthrall an entire theatre of ten year olds, and their parents.	The one scene of Lassie standing alone on the highlands of Scotland is worth the price of admission.	A beautifully-made retelling of the classic collie tale, one need not be a dog-lover to fall for Lassie.
"Waste Land" has some things in common with "The Gleaners & I," Agnes Varda's wonderful 2000 nonfiction film about French field workers. But "Waste Land" goes even further.	Waste Land travels to an island populated by society's discards, and finds a piece of salvation.	Sentimentality and self-congratulation might have easily tipped the balance against a small but startlingly affecting story.	Muniz is a gifted, modest and altogether delightful man, and his project is both aesthetically fascinating and philosophically stimulating.	Walker combines stirring studies of many of the Jardim Gramacho workers with a documenting of Muniz's project -- large-scale, dignified portraits framed by rephotographed, recyclable garbage.	Waste Land begins with an eco-friendly premise, but quickly transforms into an uplifting portrait of the power of art and the dignity of the human spirit.
[A] hugely influential sci-fi classic.	Although many shots are out of focus (face it, movie cameras were still evolving in 1927), some scenes look like they could have been shot last week, which makes Lang's achievement all the more awe-inspiring.	A towering cinematic achievement.	Lang nos mostra um futuro triste, pessimista, no qual os homens sucumbem aos avanços da tecnologia, tornando-se meros escravos das máquinas.	Includes many images that have become part of film iconography.	A visually awe-inspiring science fiction classic from the silent era.
A film that brings the food and spirit of Italy to your doorstep in a light hearted set of afternoons with the grandmothers of Rome.	No one seems to have a clue about how to inject life into lifeless material...a cinematic meal of soft, bland fare only.	The droll Mid-August is a tribute to the gentle skills of Italian filmmaker Gianni Di Gregorio, who not only wrote and directed this unhurried chamber piece but also starred in it as a character he named after himself.	The semi-improvised performances and gently nostalgic tone makes this endearing and captivating.	A charmer that's a sleeper in the making	Thoughtful, warm-hearted, and delightfully free of pretense, Mid-August Lunch offers viewers a light diversion with some surprising depth.
It's good enough to watch, but not good enough to re-watch.	Perhaps there's not much new to say about the dues and disappointments involved in breaking into the country music scene, but the scenes are fresh and the emotions real in Peter Bogdanovich's tune-laden, mixed-mood drama.	The Thing Called Love charms and touches.	It's so sad that Phoenix went out not with a bang but with this whimper.	Peter Bogdanovich brings conviction but little else to this upbeat response to Robert Altman's Nashville.	The last film River Phoenix completed before his death, The Thing Called Love doesn't have much new to say about show business, but it's energetic and well acted.
Beginners drones along in a state of melancholic navel-gazing.	"Beginners" is warm and revealing and bittersweet, if a trifle all over the place stylistically and thematically.	A strange and beautiful film.	That deceptively delicate surface masks a movie with an unflinchingly tough heart.	Played with just enough whimsy to be funny and just enough reality to be bittersweet, Mike Mills' Beginners is a film with a light touch dealing with heavy matters.	Wearing its twee heart on its sleeve, Beginners explores the depths of modern, multi-generational romance with wit and depth.
There's plenty of singing and haircutting and pretty landscape and annoying crap to fill in the blanks between confrontations.	The apparent lesson of the movie? Keep disobeying your parents and you'll eventually get your way.	You can't go wrong with this plot: Girl meets pony, girl loses pony, girl gets pony back. There are problems, but they all live happily ever after, that's boilerplate. But so what?	As things progress, the magic of the story asserts itself over the audience.	It's about wild horses representing a special sort of speed, force, and freedom, beyond Wild West shows and shootouts and men with no names.	The rebellious protagonist will rally girls and children, but adults may find Flicka saddled with thin characters, over-the-top dialogue, and a plot that wanders into the countryside and never comes back.
Fay Grim is not exactly a sequel but the law of diminishing returns applies to it just the same.	Too eruditely loquacious for its own good.	Everybody's trying too hard--or not hard enough	You won't see another film like Fay Grim this year, and we should give [Hal] Hartley credit for making it work on his own terms.	Oy Fay! Starts out a winner but takes a left turn in Europe and turns out pretty Grim.	Fay Grim is too concerned with its own farcical premise to present a coherent, involving story.
This is the Godard that fans would like to take to the grave: jaundiced, naughty, immediate, very much alive.	The kaleidoscopic film's meandering mirrors the uncertainty of that restless, tumultuous era.	An odd, scattered, free-form, but thoroughly engaging film.	May not have aged any better than Godard's other films of the period, but that doesn't mean Paul and company don't continue to ask questions and spout the opinions of the newly enlightened.	Don't call it a 'classic.' This is a classic, but to use that word makes it sound like something good for you that's really bland or hard to swallow.	A '60s time capsule stuffed with ideas about politics, pop culture, and the battle of the sexes, Masculine-Feminine is one of Godard's classic black-and-white films.
When the story is all over there has been surprisingly little story told, but the viewer will have been privy to some very sophisticated philosophical ideas.	A clever film with one indelible performance from Isaac.	Garland's primary concern is his flesh-and-blood characters, even though they are not nearly as showy (or beautiful) as his main attraction, the vulnerable, delicate girl with a heart of steel and wires.	A neat psychological thriller for the digital age. Great performances compensate for a slightly slim story.	Compelling, claustrophobic, cutting edge and clever, Ex Machina is as smart and satisfying as science fiction gets.	Ex Machina leans heavier on ideas than effects, but it's still a visually polished piece of work -- and an uncommonly engaging sci-fi feature.
If seeing a guy get whacked in the privates doesn't make you laugh the first time, maybe it will the fourth, or the 24th time.	The only funny part of Little Man is the shoddy computer effects that freakishly and unconvincingly put Marlon Wayans' head on a tiny body.	Slathers itself in scatology, crotch-punching, hilarious elder/child abuse, and a brutal ration of unearned sentiment.	The Wayans Brothers' homage to Bugs Bunny cartoon character Baby Face Finster isn't for most people with a brain. But for those who like this sort of thing -- sexual and bathroom humour and plenty of slapstick -- they'll like this.	Thumbs aren't the only things sucking in this slight summer comedy with a tortured plot and predictable laughs.	Another gimmicky comedy from the Wayans brothers, Little Man comes with the requisite raunchiness, but forgot to bring the laughs.
[S]till startling and stylish, despite a slew of half-baked imitations that have come along since its original release...	Com um estilo marcante já no filme de estréia, os irmăos Coen criam uma obra noir tensa, envolvente e que faz do absurdo uma de suas principais armas.	Still as dark and brutal today as it was fifteen years ago.	Joel and Ethan Coen's spooky tale is still fresh today! They truly opened the door for low budget, intelligent, slow moving films; that real people banter, believable situations all delightfully twisted around a dreamlike state.	The neo-noir debut from the Coen brothers is snappy, cynical and intricate.	Brutally violent and shockingly funny in equal measure, Blood Simple offers early evidence of the Coen Brothers' twisted sensibilities and filmmaking ingenuity.
Beyond Heaven's help.	Carell's funniest when he isn't trying to be Jim Carrey, but he gamely goes along with kicks to the groin and smacks to the head.	Evan's ark offers refuge for the lions, tigers, elephants, and other animals from distant habitats, but they, like us, would have been better off just staying home.	It has to be one of the flattest, unfunny comedies that I've seen in a very long time. Honestly, the best I could manage was a weak smile here or there.	Evan Almighty in which Steve Carell is commanded by God (Morgan Freeman) to build an ark, is a movie far less interesting than its premise.	Big on special effects but short on laughs, Evan Almighty underutilizes a star-studded cast that includes Steve Carell and Morgan Freeman.
Worse things can and will happen this year than The Foot Fist Way being a small success.	The saga of small-town strip mall taekwondo instructor Fred Simmons, The Foot Fist Way is the sort of nimble oddball discovery that one wishes would come along more often.	This hilarious, high-kicking nonsense cost two cents and looks it -- hell, it was shot in 19 days, but you'll laugh helplessly anyway.	Basically plays like a Will Ferrell vehicle without Will Ferrell.	This could have been The Karate Kid done as The Office, but in the end drops to its knees as The Flat-Foot Ham-Fisted Way.	The rough edges and biting humor of this martial arts comedy will keep audiences laughing and cringing in turns.
Animating a biopic doesn't make it any less plodding, and this account of a Japanese aeronautics expert ca. the 1930s spends too little time on the details of his work and too much time on a fabricated, Love Story-style romance.	'Airplanes are beautiful dreams' is a phrase reprised throughout Hayao Miyazaki's The Wind Rises, and the same could be said about Miyazaki's films.	[A] spellbinding, dreamy paean to imagination.	Miyazaki's fascination with creative inspiration comes through in every frame of he film. Rather than a fantasy film that strives for realism, this is realism that segues smoothly into fantasy	Miyazaki is arguably at the Kubrick/Polanski level, where his lesser films still yield great rewards. Even during the moments that don't soar, "The Wind Rises" continues tosatisfy.	The Wind Rises is a fittingly bittersweet swan song for director Hayao Miyazaki.
It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.	This is one of the most unsettling films that I've seen in a long time.	'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...	Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.	An impressive but exceptionally disturbing feature debut from Australian director Justin Kurzel that pushes the new wave of Aussie crime films up a notch.	It's a bleak and brutal endurance test, but for viewers with the strength and patience to make it to the end, Snowtown will prove an uncommonly powerful viewing experience.
Just in time for their feature film debut, the enormously popular B2K has disbanded.	For those of you who haven't managed to get the mawkish Honey out of your cinematic system then brace yourself because the musical monotony doesn't stop there	The film has the amateurish air of any number of no-budget quickies that have been cranked out to cash in on this or that latest-hot-thing.	A movie with this much dancing should be crackling with electricity. Instead, this is simply no fun, a limp hip-hop flick without a single spark.	I could watch the dance scenes all day; unfortunately, they are broken up by simple-minded, street-flavored melodrama.	The dance sequences are exhilarating, but everything else about this movie is sloppy and generic.
Though the deceased can help Keaton rescue abducted women and babies trapped in cars, not one of them has seen Jimmy Hoffa.	White Noise isn't exactly worth rushing out to the theater for, but in the heap of junk food January releases offer, you could do much, much worse.	White Noise's scares mostly wind up lost in transmission.	Silly and unscary.	The movie itself plays like a message from the dead, a communiqué from some inert movie world of lifeless clichés, emptily flashy style, wooden characters and moribund plot shtick.	While there are some built-in scares, the movie is muddled and unsatisfying.
From start to harrowing finish, it is blissfully apparent that Rob Reiner can indeed turn his hand to virtually anything.	Sweat-inducing suspense thriller.	Not as good as the book, but Kathy Bates is perfect	Like any good work of popular culture, Rob Reiner's film of Stephen King's best-selling book Misery functions on more than one level.	Reiner seems to have been gambling very heavily on Kathy Bates's performance to set this film apart and make it a Reiner film. Bates was good but not that good.	Elevated by standout performances from James Caan and Kathy Bates, this taut and frightening film is one of the best Stephen King adaptations to date.
Based on yet another Marvel series, Iron Man has plenty of things going for it, the main assets being an enjoyably sardonic Downey, his hardware, and the downturned mouth of his new metal visage - a warning that this self-styled messiah means business.	Actually feels like a classic comic book: fast, furious and flip. Forget about superheroes with love problems and tortured souls.	The movie rises and falls on the strength of Downey, and it rises pretty high.	Robert Downey Jr. is this movie.	It's Iron Man to the rescue, yanking movies and the worldwide box office out of its months-long doldrums and into the stratosphere.	Director Jon Favreau and star Robert Downey Jr. make this smart, high impact superhero movie one that even non-comics fans can enjoy.
Just when her Chilean employwers wonder if she's sociopathic, Saavedra suggests that Raquel's behavior is, in fact, perfectly rational.	Fun for a while but increasingly tedious...	Silva defies the dictates of genre, preferring the complex verities of characterisation over predictable thrills.	The Maid is a small film but very sure, and extremely well-acted.	Sporadically intriguing yet ultimately unsatisfying...	Catalina Saavedra's devastating performance would be reason enough to see The Maid, but Sebastian Silva's empathetic direction and finely tuned script only add to the movie's pleasing heft.
Hope Davis shines!	A soulful, thoughtful comedy!	There's not much to stop for in Wonderland.	The ultralightweight Next Stop Wonderland could have easily been Next Stop Slumberland.	Davis is the main attraction of the movie. She looks like a delicate flower, but she's smart and sarcastic!	Endearing performances create characters you care about.
Dunaway plays Evelyn as a woman starved for, as well as terrified of, intimacy. The fleeting hints of warmth and decency build our subconscious faith in her innocence, while the facts keep pointing a finger.	Polanski's telling of his tale of corruption in LA is masterly - thrilling, humorous and disturbing at the same time - and brilliantly played by John Huston and Faye Dunaway as well as Nicholson.	A film that truly defines the term classic.	A modern classic that stays true to private eye-movie conventions while digging way, way, deep underneath them.	[Nicholson's] performance is key in keeping Chinatown from becoming just a genre crime picture--that, and a Robert Towne screenplay that evokes an older Los Angeles.	As bruised and cynical as the decade that produced it, this noir classic benefits from Robert Towne's brilliant screenplay, director Roman Polanski's steady hand, and wonderful performances from Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway.
Although you could certainly do much worse, there is only one really distinctive quality about the film, and that is Charlize Theron's charismatic performance.	... a frustrating cartoon of a movie...	King Kong has never looked so ... drowsy. Sleepy, boring tale of kind-hearted gorilla gets old real quick, but with Charlize Theron though, Disney proves men can have dirty thoughts while their children are entertained. Hooray Charlize!	Thrilling family fun.	Entertaining enough.	Beguiling effects transcend a predictable plot.
Normally, Jolie is an actress capable of both intensity and subtlety, but her performance here is too amped up to register as anything more than a star turn. Did nobody notice that the real Angelina had been snatched?	A deftly handled tale about one woman's quiet and determined struggle to overcome seemingly insurmountable odds.	"Changeling" is not a complete embarrassment but it just never comes together into the dramatic and emotional powerhouse that it is pretending to be.	Eastwood loses control of the last half of the movie because he has no interest in the specifics of the mystery and because his view of police corruption is confusing at best.	Despite all this talent, Changeling still comes off as a period version of a movie on Lifetime.	Beautifully shot and well-acted, Changeling is a compelling story that unfortunately gives in to convention too often.
An intimate movie of vast proportions, Gravity is a spell bounding groundbreaker that transforms the movie going experience.	Yes, director Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity is laden with ingenious special effects, but they make for a balletic visual experience that engulfs and transports the audience in a way that very few movies ever have.	Makes you feel as if you're floating through space	Alfonso Cuarón's triumph is an invigoratingly clean, elegant display of action choreography, a La Région Centrale you can still take grandma to see.	Words can do little to convey the visual astonishment this space opera creates. It is a film whose impact must be experienced in 3-D on a theatrical screen to be fully understood.	Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity is an eerie, tense sci-fi thriller that's masterfully directed and visually stunning.
If you happen to wake up and see anything onscreen that's NOT taking place inside a log cabin - feel free to fall back asleep.	The 136-minute Dreamcatcher suffers from more than a few missed chances and wasted time.	Dreamcatcher baffles -- in tone, in intent and in just about every other way a film can puzzle.	The elements don't hang together, but Kasdan delivers real scares, and real hoots, in the midst of the mayhem and madness.	Perhaps King's novel builds to something, but the film Dreamcatcher makes the mistake of being predominantly about its disconnected horror and science fiction staples.	An incoherent and overly long creature feature.
Great works, when they next-to-never come, are always accompanied by giggles.	Makes you view the world with virgin eyes again	Like the best music, this film elicits emotions rather than manipulates them.	It's a beautiful and difficult work of art.	Compelling and prophetic.	Despite arresting visuals and strong lead performances, The New World suffers from an unfocused narrative that will challenge viewers' attention spans over its 2 1/2 hours.
For all its evasions, short cuts, and mismanaged ideas, Selma can't be dismissed. Its modest achievements engross.	Though these events occurred half a century ago, their power and relevance are undiminished.	Ava DuVernay's Selma is good as you've heard. It's delicious as well as nutritious.	Without Oyelowo's texture and firepower, perhaps the picture would've been understood, but it wouldn't have been as precise in its emotion.	What Daniel Day-Lewis did for Lincoln, Oyelowo does for King, mimicking his behavior and speech uncannily. He is both completely believable and someone we've never encountered before.	Fueled by a gripping performance from David Oyelowo, Selma draws inspiration and dramatic power from the life and death of Martin Luther King, Jr. -- but doesn't ignore how far we remain from the ideals his work embodied.
Disney's remake of its 1959 flick The Shaggy Dog is pretty flea-bitten from the get-go.	The doggie antics generate a few chuckles, but it's a sign of the film's inefficiency that the biggest laugh comes from a sight gag involving a chimp and a cattle prod.	Devoid of cleverness or anything approaching reinvention, the film relies on special effects and its cast, human and animal, for its limited appeal. Hopefully, it will be limited enough to spare us Son of the Shaggy Dog.	The Shaggy Dog is as good as family entertainment gets, meaning it will tickle kids while throwing the occasional bone to parents to keep them from growling.	Watching Tim Allen as a big, floppy sheepdog telling his wife he loves her, is about as funny as it gets.	This Disney retread has neither inspiration nor originality, but may please moviegoers under the age of ten.
"Carnage" is an accident waiting to happen.	While the film, at a staggering and quick 80 minute runtime, plays exceedingly well off the energy of the performers, the downfall ultimately lies in a "loss of steam" vigor that is evident by picture's end.	As befits someone with jail time hanging over his head, Roman Polanski does his best work in close quarters.	Embattled filmmaker Roman Polanski has always been drawn to the dark sides of humanity, so it's no surprise he'd be drawn to the play "Carnage."	The comedy is bitter and uncompromising.	It isn't as compelling on the screen as it was on the stage, but Carnage makes up for its flaws with Polanski's smooth direction and assured performances from Winslet and Foster.
Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun. And the movie has a few other laughs as well.	'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'	...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.	The movie noisily conveys the messy joy of its making, and insists that you have a good time as well.	I can't tell whether the last sequence is part of the storyline or if it's footage from the wrap party; in either case, I can only report that we aren't really invited.	While some have found the latest star-studded heist flick to be a fun, glossy star vehicle, others declare it's lazy, self-satisfied and illogical.
Makes a good case for self-esteem, tolerance, and social conscience.	Like another famous tale set in Paris, Disney's animated version of Victor Hugo's venerable The Hunchback of Notre Dame is the best of times and, if not really the worst of times, something uncomfortably close to it.	This is classic Disney, a great story, lovingly crafted, with a solid musical score. It is a wonderful film for the whole family.	There is no question that computer technology is allowing Disney animators an ever-increasing freedom, and the opportunity to create some astonishing images.	If not for some hopelessly incompetent and wasted attempts to lighten the mood... it might well be able to compete with Beauty and the Beast as the best film of the Disney Renaissance.	Disney's take on the Victor Hugo classic is dramatically uneven, but its strong visuals, dark themes, and message of tolerance make for a more-sophisticated-than-average children's film.
Despite an occasional tendency to ramble on and hold forth, it stands as a worthwhile tale of down-home alternative Americana.	... outstanding documentary ...	Ultimately, it is hopeful in its depiction of the creativity that helped Peterson -- who also wrote and speaks the film's somewhat flowery narration -- rebound from the farm crisis that had him over a barrel.	Couldn't help loving this film, it gets under your skin like real dirt under your nails after some farm work.	Taggart Siegel's loving portrait of eccentric farmer John Peterson is an epic writ small that focuses on a life lived almost entirely on a Caledonia, Ill., farm yet encompasses six decades of changing American social mores and economic upheavals.	Ostensibly a bio about an eccentric farmer, The Real Dirt on Farmer John also doubles as a stirring exploration of man's common struggle with loss and prejudice.
If Otar is, finally, a mite thin and predictably structured, that takes little away from the filmmaker and her cast, who work hard at fashioning the most outlandish special effect of all: believable human life.	Bertuccelli neatly unpacks these three women's burdened lives and leaves us with a haunting souvenir-the last scene is a shimmering revelation.	Paced slowly and deliberately, 'Since Otar Left' nonetheless provides sufficient narrative drive to sustain interest in the outcome.	Everything about this subtly directed drama enhances its pathos and humor.	Bertucelli has some pace problems -- the pokey movie is at least 15 minutes longer than it needs to be -- but she structures the story intelligently and cinematically.	A drama that's both funny and moving.
Absorbing and occasionally disturbing film.	I've rarely seen the hand-held, docudrama approach done with more intimacy or accuracy.	It's too painful and intimate to let you keep its subjects at a safe distance, as most mental illness films do. That, of course, is the point.	McMurphy lolls in his grave.	The movie works only to the extent you get involved with each kid's efforts or inability to adjust to the traumas of his past.	A grim drama about emotionally damaged teens, Manic's solid cast helps to elevate the material above cliche.
Anything For Her proves a competent candyfloss film, but with a suspicious aftertaste of Brussels sprout.	A taut, sexy, French thriller as long as youre happy to accept the ludicrous premise.	An efficient, highly polished potboiler that rattles along without permitting the viewer any time to ponder the implausible plot.	Anything For Her is a superbly directed, thoroughly gripping suspense thriller that packs a powerful emotional punch.	This romance with a twist calls to mind the classy thrillers of the 70s.	This taut and snappy French prison break thriller may be suspiciously implausible, but is held together by two fine central performances.
Why make such a corny and incredibly predictable film?	Sometimes you just want to see pretty people in period costumes flying around in old-timey planes, swooning with impossible young love and screaming at the sky in rage.	Curse you, Red Baron ... In a drama cast with vacuous young actors, even the battle scenes seem to exist in a vacuum.	A valentine to WWI's first American fighter pilots that doesn't quite reach its aimed-for heights.	No cliche goes unturned in the wooden script.	A poorly scripted history-rewriting exercise with mediocre acting and unconvincing CGI battle scenes.
Redford's best film to date is a poignant examination of pop culture, TV, greed, and race relations in American society of the 1950s, with perfect casting of John Turturro, Ralph Fiennes, and particularly Paul Scofield.	Written with clean-cut force by Paul Attanasio and directed with panache by Robert Redford.	Artfully constructed and beautifully shot.	A marvelous performance by Ralph Fiennes.	Few films are so intellectually complicated while still being so commercially entertaining.	Robert Redford refracts the sociopolitical and moral issues posed by the subject material through a purely entertaining, well-acted lens.
It's a journey that involves plenty of hazards, none more dire than the prospect of romantic scenes between two actors with zero chemistry.	As a film it's a couple of notches shy of a masterpiece, but as an achievement it's completely without precedent.	Every scene has real texture, genuine tension.	While the plot appears to meander, the impact is undeniable.	A dialed down approach to the otherwise apoplectic action film that easily wins over those tired out by the continuing Michael Bay-ing of the genre.	It doesn't quite live up to its intriguing premise, but Monsters is a surprising blend of alien-invasion tropes, political themes, and relationship drama.
This feminist comedy shot through with fantasies about the travails of newly single womanhood strikes some rich chords, but doesn't quite put together a complete tune.	A tepid comedy/drama involving a wealthy nurse, Judith (Holly Hunter), who is miserable.	'Living Out Loud' presents the delightful surprise of Danny DeVito as a romantic lead. And he also sings!	The smooth, soothing soundtrack could not be a better fit for the laid-back, low-key, unforced appeal of the film.	the kind of movie that hasn't been produced very often since Jill Clayburgh retired from the screen... Hunter, it should be said, fills Clayburgh's high heels quite nicely, convincingly veering from neurotic to erotic...	Unoriginal, with one-dimensional characters.
If Atonement, Wright's neatest work to date, is a master class on CGI restraint, Pan's densely pixielated final battle is busy to the point of indecipherability.	Pan simply turns into a 3D thrill ride, with a lot of falling through space and flying pirate ships lurching here and there, for no obvious reason.	Pan is a confounding bauble worthy of Neverland, a film with no reason to exist that will inspire obsessive rewatching to figure out how it came to be.	Stripping all whimsy and wonder from the Peter Pan story, Joe Wright's prequel is a busy, bungled bust.	The actors all try hard to keep the energy up but never get convincingly in synch and, with the exception of Peter, the characters don't reasonably comport with one's pre-existing images of them.	Pan finds a few bursts of magic in its prequel treatment of classic characters, though not enough to offset the rushed plot and shrill, CGI-fueled action.
If you give [Maher] a chance, you'll find an intelligent, witty and well-researched cynic eager to give voice to an underserved minority.	In the end, Maher suffers from the same rigidity of thought - the certitude that he's right and those who disagree are wrong - that he dislikes in people of faith.	Maher makes it a point to focus on normal, reasonably sane religious people. He's not stacking the deck in his favor, because he doesn't need to.	I enjoyed Religulous, but I think it would be better if Maher had the confidence to spend more time talking to articulate believers.	Maher is essentially and professionally a comic, and the measure of this movie is not just the thoughts it provokes but the laughs it generates.	Religulous is funny and offensive in equal measure, and aims less to change hearts and minds than to inspire conversation.
Hitchcock is the most-daring avant-garde film-maker in America today.	It's a darkly amusing, manipulative film that's still compelling in its vision of human desperation.	Masterful suspense and horror from one of the greats.	Hitchcock introduced the American Nightmare strain into the genre. He also revived the fast-fading art of montage with the now legendary shower sequence.	Alfred Hitchcock should be credited with making the first slasher film for the ground-breaking narrative template he created for "Psycho."	Infamous for its shower scene, but immortal for its contribution to the horror genre. Because Psycho was filmed with tact, grace, and art, Hitchcock didn't just create modern horror, he validated it.
Very deftly made, with some lovely cinematography and two quirky, engaging lead performances, it's a satisfying debut.	This odd little fugue of a movie would be implausible, even laughable, if it weren't also marvelously played, visually composed and plotted with the utmost cunning.	In fact, "Quid Pro Quo" is not at all funny, merely occasionally sarcastic, its plot a succession of half-baked pop-psych speculations and its dialogue a glib sampling of sub-Diablo Cody incredibility	A bleakly humorous romantic character study, Quid Pro Quo is appealingly offbeat until its narrative takes a wayward detour into pat simplifications.	Quid Pro Quo hovers in a noir-shaded twilight zone where repressed memories and guilt merge in an obsession with physical and emotional paralysis.	Despite a stunning performance by Vera Farmiga, Quid Pro Quo never develops its effective parts into a convincing whole.
The bang/buck ratio is high and it's packed with pithy dialogue and little emotional kicks that make it a worthy, dignified sendoff for the crew we've followed for so many (dear God, so many) years.	entertains and has a number of interesting comments on contemporary human affairs	If, indeed, Star Trek VI turns out to be the last of the series, it couldn't have made a more felicitous or more satisfying exit.	A fun, exciting -- and dignified -- sign-off for Captain Kirk and crew.	A rousing sendoff for Kirk, Spock, and Bones, and a fitting transition from the original series' Cold-War milieu to the Next-Generation age of engagement.	The Undiscovered Country is a strong cinematic send-off for the original Trek crew, featuring some remarkable visuals and an intriguing, character-driven mystery plot.
Regardless of how long you last in 1408, the logic to which you are entitled never comes.	Evokes the author's good points as well as his bad, but like its fast-talking hero, it was in trouble the minute the door closed behind it.	You might say 1408 has a 1409 ending -- beige, humdrum, only mildly uncomfortable and, once passed through on the journey home, instantly forgettable.	This isn't a horror movie about... screams and yells, it's more like chills and little moments of revelation.	I'm very hard to please when it comes to the horror genre, but pleased I am with 1408, a dread concoction from Stephen King, sharply committed to film by a clever screenplay, solid direction and terrific performances.	Relying on psychological tension rather than overt violence and gore, 1408 is a genuinely creepy thriller with a strong lead performance by John Cusack.
Far from offering traditional summer escapism...a brainy, action-packed morality play meant to throttle the audience, body and mind, for a solid 152 minutes and haunt them for days and weeks later.	The generation of consumers who swallow this pessimistic sentiment can't see past the product to its debased morality. Instead, their excitement about The Dark Knight's dread (that teenage thrall with subversion) inspires their fealty to product.	Let it be said that [Ledger's is] such a fearless, fierce, menacing turn that comparisons with Jack Nicholson don't come into it. This is the definitive Joker.	...even if Ledger hadn't died, critics and audiences alike would still be buzzing about the star's turn as The Joker.	a phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.	Dark, complex and unforgettable, The Dark Knight succeeds not just as an entertaining comic book film, but as a richly thrilling crime saga.
The mother of all secular humanists fights a losing battle against freshly minted religious zealots in "Agora," a visually imposing, high-minded epic.	To its credit, the film calls out Christianity's ignominious imperialism and locates a valid historical analogue to the religious extremism of today. Yet good intentions shan't save Amenbar from his own ham-fisted methods.	Given all the weighty colloquia, Agora has remarkably few bad laughs, and the CGI re-creations of ancient Alexandria are so detailed I wanted to freeze the frame and linger on the city's layout.	Some may consider "Agora" sound history, others may label it heresy, but I call it thumping good drama.	Just preaching to the choir - even a secular choir - isn't enough.	Noble goals and a gripping performance from Rachel Weisz can't save Agora from its muddled script, uneven acting, and choppy editing.
The "nature" aspects of Bears are undercut by the need to turn this into a live-action Disney cartoon, complete with cuddly heroes and nasty villains.	aimed to be child-friendly and soft pedals some of the harsher realities of bear life	The movie reduces magnificent, savage animals to the dimensions of a squabbling but loyal human family.	When focused on nature, Bears is breathtaking.	I'm not suggesting that every nature film narrator should sound like David Attenborough, but John C. Reilly really seems an odd choice.	Sweet, beautifully filmed, and admirably short on sugarcoating, Bears continues Disneynature's winning streak.
Has the makings of a good movie ... but right now its only 65 minutes long and encased in another 60 minutes of beurocratic debris.	The core of this story is so riveting and strong that not even Scott's misguided efforts to dress it up can completely ruin it.	Another Hollywood-style action flick that entertains, but isn't terribly original...	A mess, but it's a rousing mess, with ample humor and action to satisfy the discerning dullard within.	Spy Game is extraordinarily sleek and fleet, maintaining a breakneck momentum that could be likened to a runaway train or, more aptly, a heat-seeking missile.	The outcome of the kinetic Spy Game is never in doubt, but it is fun watching Robert Redford and Brad Pitt work.
If you can picture a horror movie made by the producers of Touched by an Angel, you have an idea of The Eye.	As a horror movie, it packs one genuine scare after another, right up to the moment of its inconceivably ghastly end.	Seeing is definitely worth believing in the Hong Kong supernatural thriller The Eye. Quite imaginative and cerebrally challenging for a spookfest narrative...never blinks when it comes to its inherent hair-raising high jinks.	The brothers are at their best playing in the style sandbox, creating shivery imagery and eerie moods...	The Eye is definitely a triumph of style over substance but, nevertheless, it's been far too long since I've been genuinely spooked by a horror film.	Conventional ghost tale with a few genuine scares.
Even once the "scary" monsters start ramping up their appearances the film is still dead and Goyer's direction feels more like a trippy music video for some Eastern European techno band than anything out of a horror film.	'Tis the season of the Hollywood dumps -- which is too bad because I had harbored some small hope for this latest horror offering from David S. Goyer.	Falls very much line with early-year schlock.	Not deep or all that visually imaginative--Goyer never wavers from the usual slow build-up to a sudden fright, and the ending is all fight-and-flight, no shock-and-awe--but certainly unboring.	Unoriginal, unbelievable, utterly unwatchable.	David Goyer's Unborn is a tame genre effort with cheap thrills and scares that border on silliness.
A slow-moving, slightly absurdist look at a man in Norway who has begun his retirement.	Humor doesn't get much drier...this may be the most quietly funny film since Hamer's Kitchen Stories.	A quiet, oddly serene movie with a curious soul.	A surrealistic Scandinavian jaunt to warm the coldest heart.	Hamer orchestrates all this with patient, near-minimalist skill, combining pawky comedy and plenty of heart. The result is a quirky story that remains in the mind.	Bent Hamer's latest is a droll, deadpan comedy filled with strange touches and melancholy charm.
It's both a little scary and a lot funny, and kids will no doubt lap it up.	An entertaining, satisfying extravaganza that artfully balances excitement and sentiment, hokum and heroics, low comedy and high adventure.	Not without its engaging moments.	Another beautifully-crafted film with a compelling story line from the people who seem to churn this stuff out like clockwork.	So far, the most entertaining film of the year.	Disney's Tarzan takes the well-known story to a new level with spirited animation, a brisk pace, and some thrilling action set-pieces..
... a tame CGI cartoon for the simple-minded: the very young, the very old and Yankee fans.	Everyone's Hero is a labor of love. And that clearly comes through in this feel-good animated feature about a 10-year-old boy, Yankee Irving, who becomes an unlikely World Series hero for the 1932 New York Yankees.	If it's not in the same league of talking-inanimate-object cartoons as Cars, at least we can say it has heart. And that's always more important than stars.	Christopher and Dana Reeves provide a paean to courage and not giving up, giving a slap in the face to Clint Eastwood's glorification of weakness and surrender, Million Dollar Baby.	It's difficult to find out just how much work Reeve did on the picture before his death two years ago, but the credit is a curious button on a very strange CG animated film.	Everyone's Hero is such a predictable and bland tale that it'll appeal mostly to little kids; others seeking something in Pixar's league are looking in the wrong ballpark.
One of the best martial-arts movies ever made.	If you have a taste for Hong Kong action (and I do) then The Legend of Drunken Master has enough going on to make it a classic.	With lots of laughs, lots of blood and the irrepressible Chan pushing the envelope in stunts and spectacularly choreographed group fights.	Suffers from some of worst problems of the martial arts genre: bad dubbing, bad soundtrack, chaotic plot, no character development ... but it has great fights and stunts.	Contains non-stop action of constantly increasing intensity.	Jackie Chan sends up some amazing and entertaining fight sequences in The Legend of Drunken Master.
Wimmer is so brazen that he doesn't even bother to pretend that there's an original concept here: all his ideas are borrowed from other movies that borrowed from other movies that borrowed from The Matrix, and he doesn't care who knows it.	Some spectacular action, though obviously digital: free of risk, free of drama.	The bad guys stride through spotless corriders in buildings where weirdly calm disembodied female voices say things like "Switching to emergency backup lighting system." If only I could have found the button for the emergency back-up better movie system.	Really, you can't blame Ms. Jovovich.	The tale, beginning with narrated flashbacks that make it curiously seem like a sequel, essentially is an excuse for a seemingly endless series of ultraviolet, uh, ultraviolent, action scenes.	An incomprehensible and forgettable sci-fi thriller, Ultraviolet is inept in every regard.
It's an entertaining showcase for its star, and that's all it really needs to be.	It must have taken the powers-that-be a brief 20-minute lunch session over a stale roast beef sandwich to conceive this woefully derivative teen comedy	It's more entertaining than it has any right to be, and I don't think I'm just saying that because I was mesmerized by Zac Efron's abs.	Innocuous eighties like high school fantasy sitcom with no cutting edge.	Many have wondered how they might live certain parts of their lives over again. 17 Again offers its own fantasy%u2014that you wouldn't want to change a thing, even if you could.	Though it uses a well-worn formula, 17 Again has just enough Zac Efron charm to result in a harmless, pleasurable teen comedy.
... a story we haven't seen on the big screen before, and it's a story that we as Americans, and human beings, should know.	The war genre, vigorously energized with Saving Private Ryan and Black Hawk Down, takes several steps backward with this old-fashioned moralistic saga, a tribute not only to the soldiers in combat in Vietnam but also to the homefront.	The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film. A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16.	Wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together	A decent war film whose biggest strength is its telling of an important story with which the public is not entirely familiar.	The war cliches are laid on a bit thick, but the movie succeeds at putting a human face on soldiers of both sides in the Vietnam War.
A bruising psychodrama from the Palme d'Or winner that taps into the dark heart of central European superstition.	The film's final shot goes straight to the story's heart and the spectator's. Amazing grace. Now at last we know what those words mean.	A film that asks its viewer to consider the nature of good and evil, love and trust - and trust that turns into something like blind faith.	It's an exorcism movie for everyone who thought, after Mungiu's gruelling abortion buddy-movie 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days, that this guy should do an exorcism movie	An exhausting, challenging, even draining but richly powerful film about a crisis between friendship and faith.	Although some viewers may mistake its deliberate pace for passionless filmmaking, Beyond the Hills offers an intelligent, powerfully acted examination of the tension between secular life and religious faith.
Though less ravishing than Miami Vice, Public Enemies again finds Michael Mann forging new ground in the digital arts.	Never mind crime, I'm declaring the nation's first war on hand-held cameras.	Mann draws a sprawling cast together with a myriad of period details that give an authentic sheen, without letting the audience get confused in the sea of historic information.	Downright amazing in the ways it has gone wrong. Taking into account the talent involved in front of and behind the camera, the finished product is almost a travesty.	The hottest gangster movie in ages.	Michael Mann's latest is a competent and technically impressive gangster flick with charismatic lead performances, but some may find the film lacks truly compelling drama.
Natali's direction and vision is as nuanced as the story's tone, and while the plot beats are familiar to genre fans, Splice manages to evolve the genre to new heights.	It's refreshing to see a genre movie that credits its audience with a bit of intelligence, and Splice has got a lot going on under the bonnet.	Here is a fright flick that is completely original, that takes you to uncomfortable places and abandons you there. If you care at all about horror, do not miss Splice under any circumstances.	[T]he first summer movie that you'll find yourself talking about -- rather than complaining about -- after the house lights come up.	A B-movie science-fiction melodrama that really needed the genius of David Cronenberg to bring it to life.	It doesn't take its terrific premise quite as far as it should, but Splice is a smart, well-acted treat for horror fans.
Ballard's new film not only scales much of the same terrain as Fly Away Home and The Black Stallion but it also exudes their humanist power.	Enchanting coming-of-age story for kids.	...stays wild at heart even as it tugs at ours.	When I saw it, Ballard's knack for boring small children was intact, but this time the movie is so dramatically inert that even the best-intentioned parents probably won't require their kids to sit through it.	[Ballard's] pitch-perfect adventure will engage your imagination, no matter your age.	This is an old-fashioned, richly textured family film that will appeal to children and adults alike.
...a journey of hard-fought survival told with an unforgettable verve and originality.	A Prophet is uncompromising in its style, story and characterizations.	for all its gripping excitement as a thriller, and its grim realism as a sociopolitical exposé of life inside, A Prophet is also concerned with the mysterious processes of education, assimilation and transfiguration.	The most memorable French crime movie since La Haine.	Unsentimental and amoral, Jacques Audiard's A Prophet is a French gangster/prison thriller that nearly lives up to the flattery...	Featuring an impressive star turn by newcomer Tahar Rahim, A Prophet is a French gangster film filled with arresting, immediate details.
More difficult to convey are the web of moral and political issues that surround the hunger crisis, and A Place at the Table proves its worth most by how it treats this wider set of problems.	Impassioned doc examines the reemergence of widespread hunger in U.S.	Food for thought.	...joined by an eclectic array of advocates and advisors to hit home the fact that, daily, millions of Americans go hungry.	A film that should make you furious. It raises serious issues about our commitment to helping the least fortunate of our citizens.	A Place at the Table is a well-reported documentary that raises important questions about the state of hunger in America culture.
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche.	Seeing it as a Westerner is an enlightening, even liberating, experience.	A weird and wonderful comedy.	Simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time.	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration.	A whimsically engaging sex comedy.
Grant's well-cultivated persona as a charming cad (onscreen and off) makes Will's selfish behavior feel completely natural.	The characters want to live and breathe, but the filmmakers keep trying to smooth off their edges.	Hornby's crises and characters can be so facile, schematic and smugly moralistic that emotional substance can get overshadowed by fluff.	A knowing comedy with dramatic depth.	[Grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film, and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle.	A winning comedy that benefits from Hugh Grant's boyish charms.
An alternately harrowing and poetic take on the fatal 1982 hunger strike of Irish Republican Army prisoner Bobby Sands, Hunger is also one of the most impressive feature directing debuts in years.	Ambitious, technically excellent in its documentary-like immediacy, and played with true conviction by Fassbender (whose weight-loss is enough to make you wince), Hunger nonetheless leaves the brain undernourished.	With calm, deliberate attention -- an approach at once compassionate and dispassionate -- Hunger explores physical extremity and political extremism.	a starkly realistic counterpoint to the often-lyrical treatment in film of the British/Irish "Troubles."	Despite the filth, the violence and the desolation, McQueen's portrait is a thing of brutal beauty in terms of its composition.	Unflinching, uncompromising, vivid and vital, Steve McQueen's challenging debut is not for the faint hearted, but it's still a richly rewarding retelling of troubled times.
In director R.J. Cutler's snappy documentary about the making of the September 2007 issue of Vogue editor Anna Wintour exhibits an icy, unflappable veneer.	The world isn't always pretty, and neither is the one depicted here, but it's nice to think the imagination will always have its place. Strike a pose.	...mostly a big bore that delivers on few of its promises...Cutler's inadvertent focus on Coddington suggests a conceptual change during filming stuffed into a pre-conceived marketing campaign.	From watching the new documentary 'The September Issue,' it's hard to tell if novelist and former Anna Wintour assistant Lauren Weisberger was unfair to the editor when she created the relentlessly cruel Miranda Priestly.	A funny and involving new documentary.	This doc about the making of Vogue's biggest issue and its frosty editor-in-chief is fascinating eye candy and light-on-its-feet fun.
[Eastwood] understands so well how he works on the screen that the movie has a resonance that probably was not even there in the screenplay.	Eastwood's mythic Western divided film critics: Some were baffled by the audacity of his playing a religious figure, while others claimed he was just embodying the mysterious knight-stranger, a common character in classic Westerns.	...who else would you want coming to your rescue than the Preacher Man With No Name?	See it if you haven't.	Though the metaphysical overtones of the screenplay are sometimes awkwardly handled and Eastwood's direction of actors (other than himself) is occasionally uncertain, this was one of the better American films of 1985.	Nearly a decade after The Outlaw Josey Wales, Clint Eastwood returns as a director to the genre that made his name with this elegant, spiritual Western that riffs on the classic Shane.
From the chic austerity of the Langs' undisclosed location to the gradually revealed nexus between academia, politics and corporate influence, The Ghost Writer offers an unusually astute glimpse of power at its most alluring and corrosive.	Polanski's most enjoyable film for a very long time.	This multi-layered thriller is a tightening knot of noir fascination involving mysterious bodyguards, car chases, top-secret documents, the CIA and end even hidden codes.	Neither bore nor wild travesty, The Ghost Writer idles in tentative horror for most of its 130 minutes and often feels as if its production team, Polanski included, can't fully comprehend what they are putting to screen	Polanski's fiendishly clever and extremely subtle touch is in every frame.	While it may lack the revelatory punch of Polanski's finest films, Ghost Writer benefits from stylish direction, a tense screenplay, and a strong central performance from Ewan McGregor.
This sexy melodrama and intense psychological thriller provides an original and satisfying mix of romanticism, artifice and realism.	Cinema at its most exhilarating.	An exuberant pioneer picture conceived on a big canvas, blazing an inspirational trail for just about everything Hollywood has done since.	One of the most luminous experiences you will have in a movie theater.	Sunrise (1927) is German director F. W. Murnau's American debut - his first project for Hollywood's Fox Film Corporation. It was the first feature film	Boasting masterful cinematography to match its well-acted, wonderfully romantic storyline, Sunrise is perhaps the final -- and arguably definitive -- statement of the silent era.
A heartfelt and intelligent motion picture.	McKellen's performance borders on brilliance.	a deceptively simple story with a multiplicity of subtle insights	While Condon may not quite have captured an accurate Whale, he and his cast have brought a memorable creation to life.	Condon's indie is narrwoly focused in depicting James Whale's personal and professional frustrations as an old man, but Ian McKellen, who must have felt strong affinity with the openly gay director, gives an astonishingly sophisticated performance.	Gods and Monsters is a spellbinding, confusing piece of semi-fiction, featuring fine performances; McKellen leads the way, but Redgrave and Fraser don't lag far behind.
A great sports movie with an excellent cast and a good message.	Shines despite its problem areas, thanks to strong casting and the sincerity of Gregory Allen Howard's screenplay.	The film is sufficiently populated with carefully drawn characters and infused with enough fire and levity to win you over even as you titter at its corniness.	The fact that Remember the Titans' finale is as exciting as any real-life contest makes the film more than just a good story well-told -- it's a great game well-played.	The emphasis on the players' developing mutual trust, is absorbing to watch and cleanly directed.	An inspirational crowd-pleaser with a healthy dose of social commentary, Remember the Titans may be predictable, but it's also well-crafted and features terrific performances.
How "Van Wilder 2" somehow made it into theaters is baffling, because it's every bit as unfunny and cheap-looking as its direct-to-DVD brethren	National Lampoon recycles countless collegiate comedies for this spin-off sequel.	The four-years-in-the-making, badly recycled (not to mention awful) sequel might stain the honor of the Lampoon label if it hadn't already produced several even worse films.	Penn isn't quite as charming here as he was in Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle, but he has a lot less to work with.	Penn, who also takes an executive producer credit here, wanders around halfheartedly attempting to make something amusing out of the limp shock-comedy antics, but it all just goes in one innuendo and out the other.	A low-brow comedy, minus the comedy.
Not quite what it could have been, but it features enough priceless moments and catchy music to be well worth seeing.	While Guest never forgets to laugh, he never forgets to love either, embracing the very subject he is simultaneously throttling.	Take This Is Spinal Tap, lower the volume, raise the perkiness and you have ... A Mighty Wind.	After the hysteria died down, I realized I was stuck watching a movie about fake folk bands.	We shouldn't laugh at mental illness, yet [Levy's] quite funny and often touching in his off-the-wall pronouncements.	Though not as uproariously funny as Guest's previous movies, A Mighty Wind is also more heartfelt.
A true amalgam of creative forces individually pooling their studio-contract talents like a hive of bees (in tribute to a trio of queens...a quartet if you count George Cukor).	Even swollen to IMAX size, the movie is sharper than you've ever seen it, and the vaudevillian brilliance of the choreography (and Ray Bolger's straw-boned tumbling) is entirely undiminished.	The movie--well, you know the movie. You know how great Judy Garland is as Dorothy, how memorable the rest of the cast is, how terrific Victor Fleming's direction is, and that the film's themes of the importance of home have helped it to resonate througho	The Wizard of Oz is one of those rare classics that can endure for generations and be as popular to adults as it is to kids.	The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.	An absolute masterpiece whose groundbreaking visuals and deft storytelling are still every bit as resonant, The Wizard of Oz is a must-see film for young and old.
Roberts does what the best movie stars do. She makes you believe in Erin Brockovich as a living, breathing human being even as you're also constantly aware that you're watching Julia Roberts on screen.	The best "message movie" in recent memory, it is also, so far, the best film of the new millennium.	[Soderbergh] seamlessly turns the megastar Roberts into another of his lone wolves.	What generally makes or breaks films of this type are their focus on character, character, character, and this film succeeds in radiating light through its stars.	Demonstrates how good Soderbergh is with actors.	Taking full advantage of Julia Roberts's considerable talent and appeal, Erin Brockovich overcomes a few character and plot issues to deliver a smart, thoughtful, and funny legal drama.
Messy, unfocussed sci-fi.	Strong contender for the best science fiction film of 2006.	Conta năo apenas com um ou dois, mas com tręs dos planos mais complexos e geniais já concebidos por um cineasta.	[A] bloated adaptation of P.D. James's thoughtful, compact novel.	It's a sophisticated notion handled fairly deftly in what might be the first film of the 21st century to ponder the end of humanity as it is most likely to occur: slowly with lots of time to think about it.	Children of Men works on every level: as a violent chase thriller, a fantastical cautionary tale, and a sophisticated human drama about societies struggling to live. This taut and thought-provoking tale may not have the showy special effects normally found in movies of this genre, but you won't care one bit after the story kicks in, about a dystopic future where women can no longer conceive and hope lies within one woman who holds the key to humanity's survival. It will have you riveted.
A critic can stay alert through movies that would put elephants into comas, but I doubt most people will stay awake for Max Payne.	This just in, Video Game movies still suck.	The film combines ferocious self-importance with lashings of really nasty, unreflective violence.	The producers of movies based on video games must think their audience is nothing but easy-to-entertain morons. It's the only explanation for a movie this dark, dull, and dumb.	I am still a big Mark Wahlberg fan but his choice of roles is beginning to try my patience	While it boasts some stylish action, Max Payne suffers severely from an illogical plot and overdirection.
Haywire is about the simple joys of action film virtuosity, and Soderbergh delivers.	Only Steven Soderbergh could produce a slick, modern, cineliterate deconstruction of the Hollywood action caper that also manages to be a rollicking good ride.	There's a lot of fight in Haywire, but very little punch... [A] movie called Haywire should have more energy, more exuberance than this. There no sense of play to be found...	A maze that keeps leading to surprising places.	Ultimately what the film looks like is...that a bunch of actors really wanted to get beatdowns from an MMA fighter.	MMA star and first-time actress Gina Carano displays ample action-movie chops in Haywire, a fast-paced thriller with a top-notch cast and outstanding direction from Steven Soderbergh.
Humpday may not be the single best movie I've seen so far this year -- though it's certainly a contender for the title -- but it's without doubt the most surprising.	Possibilities are at least flirted with, if not realized, the results waver between interesting and tedious, only to come up with the inevitable lemon of a resolution.	I walked into Humpday expecting grainy, hand-held art, and an episode of the The Honeymooners broke out.	Shelton never follows up on the film's satirical possibilities.	Can director Lynn Shelton sustain enough interest building up to the will-they-or-won't-they resolution? Yes, thanks single-handedly to the cast.	Observant and insightful, this indie comedy takes a different tack on the "bromance" but still makes a point without sermonizing.
full review at Movies for the Masses	Fundamentally dry and somewhat hamstrung by its own artful restraint, Oranges and Sunshine nevertheless works on the basis of its riveting performances.	As you'd expect from a man named Loach, Jim refuses to dress up the facts with melodrama and even keeps his landscape shots grounded in the reality of the emotionally unfulfilled.	'Sunshine' a burning indictment of child abuse.	A shocking true story about child deportation to Australia is told with delicacy and restraint in Oranges and Sunshine, the directorial debut of Jim Loach, son of Ken.	Grounded in a heartwrenching fact-based story, steered by Loach's sensitive direction, and led by a powerful performance from Watson, Oranges and Sunshine sidesteps its pacing problems and occasionally clichéd screenplay.
I'm still wondering who we're supposed to assume was holding the camera during Gyllenhaal and Anna Kendrick's sex scene.	A gut-wrenching LAPD drama	End of Watch was a surprise. I liked it a lot.	Told in an often startling documentary style, "End of Watch" is a gritty police drama that benefits from another in a string of outstanding performances by both Gyllenhaal and Pena.	Writer/director David Ayer gives us an authentic, sometimes shockingly gruesome ride along.	End of Watch has the energy, devotion to characters, and charismatic performances to overcome the familiar pitfalls of its genre and handheld format.
Sporadically entertaining, this is nevertheless seriously hampered by a very choppy screenplay.	The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie. And Diesel isn't the actor to save it.	It's got the brawn, but not the brains.	The wondrous opening sequence was better than any Bond film, and things were looking up until the characters started talking.	All guts and no glory. Great stuntwork despite physics.	It has an endearing lack of seriousness, and Vin Diesel has more than enough muscle for the starring role, but ultimately, XXX is a missed opportunity to breathe new life into the spy thriller genre.
The hypocrisies, contradictions, tensions and opportunities of what naively has been described as the 'post-racial' America of the Obama era are examined with refreshing wit and candor ...	One of the most vibrant, engaging debuts at this year's Sundance Film Festival.	Smart, gutsy and relevant.	As smart and fearless a debut as I have seen from an American filmmaker in quite some time: knowing but not snarky, self-aware but not solipsistic, open to influence and confident in its own originality.	A timely and important look at black identity and how it's informed by by stereotypes in the media	Dear White People adds a welcome new voice to cinema's oft-neglected discussion of race, tackling its timely themes with intelligence, honesty, and gratifyingly sharp wit.
You'll laugh and you'll cry at what turns out to be Rodrigo Garcia's finest work to date.	For the first time in a very long while, Bening disappears into a character and turns in a performance that isn't about her shamelessly playing to the rafters to grab after Oscar.	Bening and Watts are good enough to see it through, and it's good to see Jackson actually play his age for once.	Obviously, this is emotionally rich ground and Garcia plows it perhaps a bit too heavily.	Mother and Child's best moments come from its many small and wonderful character details.	Though it occasionally veers into unnecessary melodrama, Mother and Child benefits from a stellar cast and writer-director Rodrigo Garcia's finely detailed, bravely unsentimental script.
proves once again that some of the best films do not come from America.	I certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking, breast-beating of In the Bedroom.	Often melancholy in tone, but it ends on a hopeful note that makes the emotionally charged trip worth the ride.	The film's masterstroke is in balancing the family's grief with the reflective, unceremonious gaze of an outsider.	Sometimes in a quite ordinary way a director can reach out and touch us.	The Son's Room is a moving and contemplative study of grief.
Adolescent girls will love watching Hilary do her thing.	As driving-around-in-the-car-with-the-top-down, putting-on-your-lip-gloss, loving-life moviemaking, it's all good.	As much as I like Hilary Duff and Lizzie McGuire, they both deserved better than this underwhelming big screen outing.	Frilly and sweet to a mind-numbing fault.	... [Duff's] a very charming young actress, but the material just isn't there.	Harmless piece of fluff that ought to satisfy fans of the TV show.
The sly charm of the original film ... and the rapport between Will Smith's cocky Jay and Tommy Lee Jones' taciturn Kay are recreated with only a few signs of strain.	There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about, but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust.	The humor isn't as sharp, the effects not as innovative, nor the story as imaginative as in the original. But it could have been worse.	Sloppy.	A lot of setup for too little payoff.	Lacking the freshness of the first movie, MIB 2 recycles elements from its predecessor with mixed results.
A transcendent documentary that swirls in a temporarily timeless haze of themes: imagined pasts, shadowy legacies, cinematic heirlooms and the bittersweet landscape of memory.	McElwee forsakes the muckraking strategies of Michael Moore and Nick Broomfield in favour of a gentler, more ruminative style, resulting in a work that is remarkable for its warmth and wisdom.	The filmmaker narrates with droll, front-porch wit, and eases his way into the viewer's heart by sharing a hefty portion of his own.	It's a movie of odd juxtapositions and droll observations.	This is a highly personal journey, reminiscent of a smart, sardonic personal essay you might find in Harper's magazine or a quirky, savvy radio piece on NPR's 'This American Life.'	A rich, eccentric documentary about both filmmaking and the tobacco industry.
Ayer has woven a complicated plot in which even the seemingly most insignificant event will impact on the film's harrowing climax.	Washington plays the twisted character with a flair and sense of style that really fits his acting.	Director Antoine Fuqua, whose credits include the unimpressive The Replacement Killers, keeps a kinetic pace with visually exciting immediacy.	With its unflinching style, Training Day can be hard to sit through at times. But it's worth the discomfort for the adrenaline rush of the plot and Washington's compelling performance.	A pinball machine of sustained tension, Washington textures his character brilliantly and surpasses Popeye Doyle's brazen effrontery.	The ending may be less than satisfying, but Denzel Washington reminds us why he's such a great actor in this taut and brutal police drama.
Wipe that smug grin off your face and go home.	Adam Sandler being a total idiot for an hour and a half. Good fun.	Those unfamiliar with Sandler's antics may...begin to find him annoying sometime between the appearance of the Universal logo and the end of the opening credits.	Young teens will like brash, immature humor.	Idiotic, amateurish - and really, really funny.	Billy Madison is typical early immature fare from Adam Sandler, even if it finds moments of inspired lunacy.
Ingrid Caven (ex-Fassbinder diva) turns kitchen-sink realism to kitsch and surrealism Europudding-style. Credits reveal that the film had German co-funding. Sometimes money talks and the language is Gobbledegook.	In spare, poetic fashion, Denis shows each character drifting in different directions.	To fall in love with it, viewers only have to be receptive to a movie that examines the ties that bind with grace, wit and depth.	The magic of Claire Denis's exquisite 35 Shots of Rum is that although so much is left unsaid, it's one of the most emotionally eloquent films you'll see this year.	I've seen films where superheroes shift alliances, and I only yawned. What matters is not the scope of a story, it's the depth.	This slow-moving French family drama is rich, complex, subtle and emotionally eloquent.
Um filme intrigante.	Mary Reilly will undoubtedly leave many people cold, but I snuggled into its bleakness.	My distaste for the movie comes not from disliking these scenes, but from being put to sleep by the boredom of the show.	The film is too mannered, too stuffy.	As a study of repression, Mary Reilly has some great moments, but it seems director Stephen Frears was aiming for intense and brooding, and boring is what he got.	The movie looks good and has its moments. But, overall, the movie borders on boredom.
Angela's Oprah-ish effort to change Andre's lying ways becomes a tedious mix of self-help and pop-philosophizing . . . the film's black-and-white look is two shades more complex than its gender politics.	What's at once refreshing and disorienting about the way Luc Besson -- one of the most interesting international visionaries at work today -- handles the story is his attempt to de-romanticize one of the most idealistic and sublime formulas around.	Good looking but tedious.	Besson's sniggering conception of Angela as a pure spirit in the body of a high-end hooker is just juvenile, and Andre is, frankly, a drag.	The sleek style and sassy attitude gets mired in a vague, soft-headed psychology of self-affirmation and daytime talk-show platitudes as the angel turns every encounter into a lesson in self-esteem and character building.	The clunky dialogue and shallow characters fail to capitalize upon Angel-A's stunning, poetic cinematography.
In space, no one can hear a frying Houstonian scream.	Everything feels anti-climactic after the fireworks, but the moral is clear: it's the end of the world as we know it. And we feel fine.	Maybe the moviemakers' mission was to boldly go where everyone in Hollywood has gone before: the bank.	The earnestness, the effects, and the notion of a whole world forgetting its differences to defeat a common foe carry a certain charm.	One of the prime guilty pleasures of our time.	The plot is thin and so is character development, but as a thrilling, spectacle-filled summer movie, Independence Day delivers.
If it weren't for subtitles, Roland Suso Richter's The Tunnel would be indistinguishable from a polished made-for-TV timewaster from anywhere in the world such things are produced.	It's so well told that you'll be biting your nails until the film's final few minutes.	It's a gripping great-escape yarn of the sort we don't see much anymore.	A true story few people will know, and it's told with a warm, crafty efficiency that makes for wonderful entertainment.	As the edge-of-the-seat narrative unfolds, every performance is layered, every shot by cinematographer Martin Langer is effectively streamlined and a plot that could easily have been predicable ripples with suspense.	The Tunnel is both a tension-filled thriller and a riveting history lesson.
It's an essential record not only of the Afghanistan conflict but of men in battle	It's doubtful you'll ever see a combat documentary that channels the chaos of war as thoroughly as this one.	Restrepo is, on its own terms, a stunning piece of work, but to get even more from it you should buy Junger's book, WAR, which expands on the footage we see.	Built around hand-held reportage, the film passes no judgement on the rightness or otherwise of the occupation. But the sense of bewilderment and futility speaks for itself.	An unvarnished and unwavering look at 21st-century combat.	Forsaking narrative structure for pure visceral power, Restrepo plunges viewers into the experiences of soldiers on the front lines of the Afghan War.
Collapses under its own weight of jerrybuilt melodramatics ... In Stone and Berloff's emphasis on "uplifting" survival, the momentous 9/11 attacks are reduced to an innocuous event, complete with a happy ending.	It is the humanistic approach of Andrea Berloff's screenplay and Nicolas Cage's powerhouse performance that determines the fate of this highly anticipated drama.	Their film is gripping -- and should be: It has its tentacles around you from its stark title on. It's a title that means so many things to so many people.	No particular reason to exist other than to garland itself with medals for telling an Uplifting True Story About Good Men.	There are no histrionics, simply strong storytelling, involving us in the lives of two men, their families, and by default, the many whose lives were touched by this unforgettable tragedy	As a visually stunning tribute to lives lost in tragedy, World Trade Center succeeds unequivocally, and it is more politically muted than many of Stone's other works.
Compelling performances and some stand-out scenes but this lacks the cohesive language of Elephant, for example.	Those with the patience to wait out Mr. Campos's overindulgences will definitely leave Afterschool unnerved, which is probably exactly what he had in mind.	Afterschool does feel like an interesting play on the idea of voluntary surveillance, but there's no real emotional crescendo, no catharsis and no satisfying conclusion to Robert's angst, which is only ever skirted around.	The film examines such relevant issues as violence in school, voyeurism, and abuse.	Originality is perhaps the major missing component, but this still stacks up as a nifty debut with ideas and ambition to spare.	Antonio Campos'Afterschool is an intelligent, ambitious debut that boasts strong performances and plenty of ideas.
Has about as much genuine feeling as a cheap greeting card.	Beneath its aw-shucks, wants-to-be-liked exterior, this is a bankrupt motion picture. It's cloying, artificial, and not the least bit romantic.	Dan in Real Life is neither wildly farcical nor mockingly cruel, but rather, for the most part, winningly gentle and observant.	It's sadly just a mixed bag of hits and misses...	...not awful, but not up to the quality of the screwball comedies of the '30s and '40s...There are smiles where there could have been guffaws.	The fine performances elevate Dan in Real Life beyond its sentimental plot.
In this movie and many like it, the only elements that count are impact, impact, impact and impact. The fifth element is gibberish.	The world that director Luc Besson has created is original and breathtaking. In fact, it is almost worth the admission for the eye-candy alone.	For the most part, it's a nice goofy E-Ticket ride.	don't mind the one-dimensional characters and the sci-fi nonsense, but I really could have done without the unfunny, very French humor.	Slam-dunk sci-fi extravaganza.	Visually inventive and gleefully over the top, Luc Besson's The Fifth Element is a fantastic piece of pop sci-fi that never takes itself too seriously.
...deliciously dark...	I felt as if I was discovering Peter Pan all over again.	Pirates, mermaids, and Indians might seem like kid stuff, but Hogan makes his characters real people.	A Never Never Land Slightly Less Creepy Than the Neverland Ranch	Has the courage to imagine Peter Pan as a tragic figure, the ultimate narcissist.	Solid if far from definitive, this version of Peter Pan is visually impressive, psychologically complex and faithful to its original source.
This rote exercise in slasher-film tedium holds zero surprises.	Devoid of suspense. I was bored.	You would think that a pornography director would be a decent fit for a slasher movie...Yet Gregory Dark seems unable to make the transition.	The madman is played by the single-name professional wrestler Kane, who has all the acting skills of a fire hydrant. But why waste good acting on a contrived, unimaginative story?	... generic and predictable ...	See No Evil is packed with cliches from countless other teen slasher films, making for a predictable, scare-free waste of time.
The film highlights the sad fact that logical arguments don't win political debates or elections. Sloganeering and advertising do.	No is hugely smart and intricate, but it also comes from the gut.	A fascinating case study in basic-level democracy.	On every level, "No" leaves one with bittersweet feelings about democracy, love and the cost of compromise.	Largely a gimmick picture: At all times, it looks like hastily assembled news footage shot on grainy videotape in 1988.	No uses its history-driven storyline to offer a bit of smart, darkly funny perspective on modern democracy and human nature.
It's still a smart and interesting picture.	Rounders is another nice notch in Damon's belt and an excellent commercial for Oreos, but its destiny lies as a dust collector on the video store shelves.	No big deal!	Norton's acting and Dahl's gift for sustaining a tone save Rounders from completely floundering.	The glimpse into an exotic, edgy world is absorbing and the performances of Damon, Norton and Landau are rewarding, despite the shaky credibility of their characters' relationships.	Richly atmospheric and colorful performances contributed to the movie's entertainment value.
The forced family dynamics just drag the movie down.	Treads a well-worn path that will likely feel familiar even to the newest crop of horse-crazy girls.	Despite thoroughbred work from Dakota Fanning, by the time the movie hits the final furlong it's only good for the glue factory.	Most people enjoy a sweet, wholesome movie with an inspiring story; Dreamer is a reminder that those people need not be suckers.	Gatins is so worshipful of a child's starry-eyed aspirations that he forgets to ground them in narrative honesty.	Though formulaic, this horse story's saving grace is its strong performances.
I felt like some sort of alien anthropologist watching this movie... I don't see myself or the women that I know in them. Not at all. Not in the tiniest degree.	Neither a classic for all time nor a [disaster], Sex and the City is the very definition of a decent summer blockbuster--entertaining and entirely disposable.	For a series so steeped in romance, the eagerly awaited Sex and the City movie feels a trifle half-hearted.	In its cinematic incarnation, Sex and the City has lost none of its bawdiness yet gained a more profound sense of soberness.	One thing's for sure: fans of the series will lap this film up.	Sex and the City loses steam in the transition to the big screen, but will still thrill fans of the show.
A marked improvement over the original, it further proves Bekmambetov's abilities as a visionary filmmaker, though he sometimes loses sight of storytelling in favor of impressive action sequences and amusing sidetracks.	Somewhere around the 45-minute mark the film transforms from cool-and-atmospheric thriller to indecipherable mess.	Visually, it mixes a gritty reality with eye-popping horror-fantasy, but the story short-circuits the film by adding a level of incomprehensibility, particularly in its second half.	It's a playful, surrealistic antidote to standard genre entertainment.	stylish but outrageously foolish	Day Watch is frequently cheesy but it offers enough twists, surprises, and inventive action sequences to maintain viewer interest.
This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper, but Pullman has created a logical, well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen.	Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman's widely read 'His Dark Materials' trilogy? Hard to say. But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure, even when Chris Weitz's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman's prose.	The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine, CGI animals both adorable and fierce, and the usual suspects on the human side ...	Those seeking a treatise on religion, or against religion, will have to look hard to find it in "The Golden Compass," a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy.	I heard the dialogue, I saw the images, but I never got into the story. I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie.	Without the bite or the controversy of the source material, The Golden Compass is reduced to impressive visuals overcompensating for lax storytelling.
This truth doesn't hurt as much as the infamous franks-and-beans scene from There's Something About Mary, but the pain and the laughter last longer.	I had a good time at Meet the Parents, even though the ratio of clinkers to yucks is disproportionately high.	Packed with cringe-worthy moments from beginning to end, Jay Roach's comedy is for anyone who has ever endured a weekend in the company of potential in-laws.	Plays like a thirty minute sitcom that overstays its welcome for more than an hour.	I literally found myself gasping for breath during Meet the Parents' most comic moments, wishing I could rewind the film.	Despite sometimes sitcom-like execution, Meet the Parents is a hilarious look at familial relationships that works mostly because the chemistry between its two leads is so effective.
This marks [Farmiga's] arrival as One to Watch. See her here, and you can say you remember the early days.	If there were an ounce of taste left in Hollywood, the magnificent Vera Farmiga would be a front-runner for the Best Actress Oscar.	You'll see relative unknown Farmiga deliver one of those subtle, controlled, humane performances that should win Oscars but never do because the Oscars are a lot of jive.	First-time feature director's disciplined objectivity is coupled with humanism in this collaboration with a gifted cast and cinematographer.	Down to the Bone emerges with an aura of authenticity so strong as to be mesmerizing, thanks to a superior script brought to life with infallibly natural performances ...	A vivid portrayal of the effects of drug abuse that avoids cinematic clichés, Down to the Bone is a winning effort that features Vera Farmiga's breakout performance.
Even though this dramatic thriller is set in a place most viewers will be unable to identify with, filmmaker Alain Guiraudie and his cast draw us in completely.	While its pace meanders, Stranger by the Lake proves to be an engrossing and darkly humorous watch.	Carefully and often brilliantly creates its own Eden-like universe.	This lake is a sexual refuge, about to be stained by sin and blood.	A stunning minimalist erotic thriller that explores with arresting photography and economical use of dialogue how human identity is defined, and sometimes imprisoned, by our desires, drives, and passions.	Sexy, smart, and darkly humorous, Stranger by the Lake offers rewarding viewing for adult filmgoers in search of thought-provoking drama.
Every conceivable choice on this film was met with the most obvious answer, and every turn comes right out of other movies.	One of those poorly chosen movie titles that does not do justice to the beautiful story told within.	Little more than an old story dressed up in contemporary trappings, but in this case they elevate the formula.	Poignant and subtle, it tackles cross-cultural conflict and racial intolerance.	The film is full of fabrics and shimmer and embroiderings of light and colour, giving a slender story the shy blush of art.	Frustratingly slow-moving, but ultimately saved by Chatterjee's solid acting and Gavron's gentle patience.
More Caddyshack than Casablanca.	Like watching an hour-and-a-half-long Mountain Dew commercial.	As if conceived during a Dukes of Hazzard shooting hiatus, Out Cold may be retro but it's sans daisy dukes.	What can you say about a movie that includes its outtake bloopers reel before the closing credits?	There's a good deal of stupid, a lot of silly, hordes of dumb and a bunch of hackneyed, but no funny.	A party movie that substitutes surfs for snow, Out Cold will leave viewers just that with its gross-out humor and sophomoric plot.
...an aggressively unpleasant comedy-a raunchy, bloodthirsty epic of self-flagellating sex guilt and apocalyptic self-hatred. It's also about the host of The Gong Show.	A genuine mixed bag, full of entertaining moments but also bogged down by Clooney's overwhelming desire to emulate his frequent screen collaborator Steven Soderbergh.	Barris' CIA assassinations make a neat metaphor for indiscriminate cultural degradation and personal emotional failings, but neither Rockwell nor Clooney are successful in getting us to feel either love or loathing for the man	Instead of exploring this dangerous mind, Clooney plays it safe, making his freshman film deadly dull as a result.	There's nothing dangerous about Chuck Barris' mind. Unfortunately, there's not much interesting about it either.	Rockwell is spot-on as Barris, and Clooney directs with entertaining style and flair.
As a technical achievement, it's interesting, if not perfect. But for a story of our time, I can't imagine anything better.	Fassbender doesn't really resemble Jobs (until the end, when the mock-turtlenecks and New Balance sneaks come out), but he gives an enthralling performance as a man who truly changed the world.	It's wonderful in spots, maddening in spots, and entirely too sentimental in its ending. But it's also unquestionably worth seeing.	For a movie that resists the traditional biopic movie formula of career-high-and-low flashbacks (witness Ashton Kutcher's disastrous "Jobs" - now streaming on Netflix), "Steve Jobs" is a droning tone poem of a character-study.	If I feel I now know less about Jobs than I did before, that may be a good thing.	Like the tech giant co-founded by its subject, Steve Jobs gathers brilliant people to deliver a product whose elegance belies the intricate complexities at its core.
Whether this is a demented B-movie or a comment on demented B-movies is hard to say. It is horribly fascinating, if not for the full 150 minutes.	Kelly seemed to have a lot on his mind when he assembled this movie, and it looks as if he put it together thinking it would be his last.	It's not hard to understand. It's just who would care about what this is about?	Messier than a 2-year-old in a pool of pudding.	A hypnotic disaster that's truly fascinating - if only for all the wrong reasons.	Southland Tales, while offering an intriguing vision of the future, remains frustratingly incoherent and unpolished.
in many ways it is closer to the man Walt Disney's view of the world than any of his preceding films, especially the way it is filtered largely through his sense of nostalgia for the Victorian era	Disney's imagination seems at a low ebb, saddled with a shrunken, excessively naturalistic style in line with the diminished possibilities of postwar animation, and not yet graced by the inspiration that would redeem that style in Sleeping Beauty.	A charming piece of vintage entertainment from Walt Disney, replete with wholesome family values.	Handsomely, seductively drawn, Lady and the Tramp owns its place in the canon...	Parents used to having their kids explain films to them will have their hands full on this one.	A nostalgic charmer, Lady and the Tramp's token sweetness is mighty but the songs and richly colored animation are technically superb and make for a memorable experience.
While it may blunder down the odd comedy cul-de-sac, Madagascar 3 is often inspired and very, very funny.	What might be barely tolerable in a seven-minute short gave me the biggest headache since "Transformers: Dark of the Moon.''	This latest offering is better than the first two and is a rare example of a franchise that keeps improving as it goes. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	[It] may be the best of the bunch, simply because it busts the leash that tethers it to anything resembling reality.	Colorful, bright and wickedly smart in spots, 'Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted' is an animated romp that will entertain adults and children, pop-culture fans and opera buffs in a wide swath of action and comedy.	Dazzlingly colorful and frenetic, Madagascar 3 is silly enough for young kids, but boasts enough surprising smarts to engage parents along the way.
The 3D effects had me nearly jumping out of my seat. Some say Hollywood is converting too many old films to 3D. But, "Jurassic Park" was the perfect choice. There's nothing more fun than sharing a seat with a snapping dinosaur.	Despite the ridiculous premise, Jurassic Park does an incredible job of showing us what dinosaurs might have looked and acted like.	The earthshaking footfalls of these lizard-kings are palpable and terrifying. Spielberg's crew of dinosaur-effects artists has conjured up a Mesozoic menagerie whose realism outdoes anything in cinema history.	Mr. Spielberg has great fun with every last growl and rumble signaling the approach of danger...	The 3D isn't pushed on the audience, but it does reveal the amount of depth that Spielberg actually put into the film 20 years ago.	Jurassic Park is a spectacle of special effects and life-like animatronics, with some of Spielberg's best sequences of sustained awe and sheer terror since Jaws.
A well done, captivating thriller.	Abu-Assad cares about his characters and their wretched but thrilling situations.	...fares best in its opening half hour...	The movie grips us partly because Bakri's performance is alternately casual and calculated.	Bakri has a simmering energy and stark humanity..This thriller is about more than the sum of its parts.	Twisty and riveting, Omar is a well-directed crime drama with uncommon depth.
Plucky, upbeat and utterly lacking in cynicism -- much like the epic day this Make a Wish event went down.	As a perhaps accidental commentary on the ephemerality of Internet life, with events - even big ones, like the one captured here - coming into being then passing into oblivion, lost in the ever-towering haystack that is Google, it's fascinating.	Batkid Begins is almost better than Xanax. It's like swallowing a little yellow happy pill with the Bat signal on it.	It's refreshing to see a film that's completely lacking in cynicism.	The film will restore one's faith in humanity, at least during its running time.	Sweet and unabashedly sentimental, Batkid Begins is an uplifting look at a selfless act that brought a city together.
A guy version of a chick flick, and like regular chick flicks, it's pretty sappy stuff, though with the lovely locations and sumptuous cinematography, it's very pretty.	Intentions are good in A Good Year, but the sweat is too obvious on the brows of all involved.	A Good Year suggests not so much the stirring of a soul as Sir Ridley grinding his teeth behind the camera, grimly muttering "I'm going to be breezy if it kills me, goddamit!"	Is it good for those Gladiator dudes Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe to team up again for a romantic comedy about winemaking in the South of France? Perhaps not, but it's a nice try.	This flat-as-last-night's-champagne comedy is yet another epiphanic tale about a hard-driving corporate workaholic who learns how to stop and smell the roses, or the grapevine fertilizer, as is the case here.	A Good Year is a fine example of a top-notch director and actor out of their elements, in a sappy romantic comedy lacking in charm and humor.
A commendably apolitical visit to the soldiers in Iraq	They're young humans put in extraordinary circumstances and this documents some of their internal struggles.	If you want to get a feel for what American soldiers really experience while serving in Iraq, this unassuming, fly-on-the-wall documentary is the place to go.	Practically agenda-free, but a slice-of-life like this loses steam after about 45 minutes. At least a strident political viewpoint gives you something to talk about.	This past week the 1500th American died in Iraq, making the documentary Gunner Palace all too timely.	A shapeless documentary, but shows what's it like for the soldiers on the ground.
Isao Takahata's masterpiece is one of the most profound anti-war statements ever brought to cinema	The wonderful lasting mark of a true artist.	...a well-made and heartfelt drama that's just not as engrossing as it should be.	The Most Human Cartoon You'll Ever See. Grave of the Fireflies can be grueling - but infinitely more rewarding.	The stylised images suit the simplicity and gravity of a grim story of love, sacrifice and survival in the face of adult indifference and cruelty.	An achingly sad anti-war film, Grave of the Fireflies is one of Studio Ghibli's most profoundly beautiful, haunting works.
Freshman Orientation barely rates a passing grade.	Blessedly shrewd where it counts and deserves notice. The lessons develop naturally and aren't jammed down the viewer's throat like the hypocritical sermonizing in I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry.	...goes way over the top for the Greeks vs. Gays climax.	Admirably aiming to recreate the feelings of newfound freedom and self-discovery that college inspires, Freshman Orientation never finds a way to successfully execute its good intentions.	Freshman Orientation is not incompetently made. Nor is it badly acted. But there's not a fresh idea in it, and everyone on screen seems to be in a different comedy.	This over-the-top comedy suffers from an exhaustive screenplay, which tries too hard to be funny...and fails.
Not a false move, a bad angle, an awkward line or a wanting performance at any point.	Perhaps the best the Coens have to offer -- stylish, funny, harrowing and brilliantly shot.	While it unfolds, the viewer is entirely in thrall.	While Miller's Crossing is not as messy or inspired as Martin Scorsese's GoodFellas, or as richly suggestive as The Godfather, it accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do.	If Miller's Crossing isn't my favourite movie, I don't know what is.	Though possibly more notable for its distinctive style than an airtight story, this Coen brothers take on the classic gangster flick features sharp dialogue, impressive cinematography, and a typically quirky cast of characters.
It's a highly moving film and also an angry one.	A flat-lined, pedestrian affair, a talking-heads/ touring-heads piece that seems to point the camera in the wrong direction.	Offers a rare and privileged portrait of a heroic man profoundly troubled by a terrible experience.	Shake Hands With the Devil gives us the flip side [of Hotel Rwanda].	Raymont gets the most out of what little footage and still photographs remain from 1994.	A gut-wrenching documentary about the man in charge of the UN peace keeping force during the 1994 Rwanda genocide of 800,000 Tutsi and moderate Hutus.
This Hitchcock classic somehow strayed from favour for a while, yet in the realm of popular mythology it is now rivalled only by Vertigo or Psycho.	What sets The Birds apart from the other films in Hitchcock's incredible ten-year run between 1954 and 1964 is its remarkable chilliness.	The Birds represents better than any other Hitchcock film the extreme polarities of his universe: vicious unpredictability and moral and emotional disorder on the one hand, and rigorous stylistic control and formal organization, on the other.	Hailed as one of Hitchcock's masterpieces by some and despised by others, The Birds is certainly among the director's more complex and fascinating works.	What starts out as a kind of low-key screwball comedy ends up as an effective, fright-filled horror flick.	Proving once again that build-up is the key to suspense, Alfred Hitchcock successfully turned birds into some of the most terrifying villains in horror history.
Wonderful performances from the two young leads and a gently heart-breaking narrative arc make this a slow winner.	In modest, lovingly observed ways, the director gives her characters -- and, one hazards, herself -- the gentlest gift of sweet possibility.	A glowing reminiscence of a difficult childhood, further illuminated by lovely performances, directorial nuance and gorgeous visuals.	There is no profound drama here, however, so you might end up resenting the film while it drags from you the emotional responses that the sight of anxious little children inevitably triggers.	So Yong Kim has made another minimalist masterpiece, a quiet movie of sharply observed details and two girls who will break your heart.	Intermittently wondrous and harsh, this sensitive drama about two abandoned sisters gives time and space to the intimate and beautiful moments of childhood.
God save us from yet another holy fool movie. Geoffrey Rush has been much better.	Dará mucho de qué hablar, y les dejará un grato sabor de boca. Imposible no verla.	Intense, gripping mental-illness music drama.	It is a passionately told story, in highly cinematic yet accessible language, about one life: what makes it extraordinary is the performance of Geoffrey Rush and the rest of the cast.	"Shine" is one of those cases where a film's name really fits.	Featuring a strong performance from Geoffrey Rush, Shine succeeds in telling a compelling, inspirational story without resorting to cheap sentimentality.
The actors shift gears effortlessly, playing their parts with seriousness when the situation calls for it, but also enjoying those moments that are intended to be fun.	Agreeable but never compelling.	A good enough Western to cause many to kick up their spurs in celebration.	Engrossing western that never got the recognition it deserved	Real rewards of the film are in the visuals and rarely has the West appeared so alive, yet unlike what one carries in his mind's eye. Ida Random's production design is thoroughly convincing in detail.	Boasting rich detail and well-told story, Silverado is a rare example of an '80s Hollywood Western done right.
Its range of subjects and emotions cuts a surprisingly wide swath.	Though it is a bit slow-moving, this documentary feature is visually stunning.	Like all the best documentaries, Up the Yangtze shows us something we've never seen before, with insight and meaning. Up the Ynagtze goes down in movie history as a work of lasting value	In his masterful and haunting documentary Up the Yangtze, Yung Chang shows the old China drowning helplessly under the weight of the new.	With all these lyrical elements in play, [director Yung] Chang's extraneous voiceover narration is baffling, and all but unbearable.	Up the Yangtze is a visually stunning meditation about the changes confronting modern China.
One of Leigh's most upbeat films, as well as one of the best.	Roguishly insightful and quietly riveting, Happy-Go-Lucky is innocuously entertaining in its free-wheeling spirit...methodically merry-minded and meaningful...	Cute but inconsequential, pleasant to a degree but so willowy that it hardly seems to exist at all.	And, boy, do you pull for her, because if the indomitable Poppy can't find what she's looking for, then there's no hope for the rest of us.	Is it possible to enjoy the company of the world's most irritating woman? Mike Leigh's surprisingly sunny dramedy makes a pretty good case that, in fact, it is.	Mike Leigh's latest partially-improvised film is a light-hearted comedy with moments that bite, and features a brilliant star turn by Sally Hawkins.
Adventurous animal tale will have kids riveted.	This film will appeal to anyone of any age who doesn't have a heart of stone.	Entertaining sequel w/perhaps first of big star voiceovers.	Matters are accomplished by director Duwayne Dunham with fairly professional skill.	Not a perfect film, but generally one that should please adults and children.	Disney's remake of The Incredible Journey successfully replicates, and in some ways improves upon, the simple charms of the original, with its cross-country animal odyssey sure to delight kids.
Incorporates every stereotype of 'sensitivity' and 'angst' without ever approaching a genuine emotion.	...perhaps slight of budget but full of heart, soul, and a ton of acting talent, all well stirred by a new director who has expertly transferred her story of family failures and teen dreams to the big screen.	Has the feel of a novel in which the characters linger in one's memory well after the book has been read.	... this film is so smart ...	The story is so well-acted and honestly written that after a while it stops bothering us that we know where it's going.	A cautionary tale that rings true.
One of the very best movies of this beloved and sleazy genre.	Seldom will you see a film so well crafted, and you will likely go a long way to find performances even half this good, especially Owen's and McKee's.	Clive Owen's breakthrough role	A quite satisfying examination of a man caught between his need to feel and his fear of feeling too much.	Polished and adroit ado about next to nothing, Hodges's film owes everything to Owen, who nails the vaguely unsavory, unreadable, half-lidded hunks that inhabit every profitable entertainment-industry outpost.	The writer slumming for human truths and real experience is a common enough story, but this cool-headed and slick thriller provides a gut-churningly compelling backdrop to a look at our darker sides.
Clever dialogue.	There is a curious absence of development in this film.	Director Lawrence Kasdan's small-town fable beguiles.	Hope Davis deserves much of credit for making Mumford work.	Mumford is agreeably entertaining, peppered with rich laughs and very nice actorly touches.	Memorable moments are few and far between.
Amores Perros is more than just a strong debut; it's good, gritty filmmaking.	Never fails to be smart, engaging, audacious and haunting.	an impressive film debut	Inarritu and his cast are able to make the audience care for these deeply flawed characters and share their often intertwined feelings of pleasure and pain.	Ablaze with a raft of vital portrayals and rich in meaning and implication.	The brutality of Amores Perros may be difficult to watch at times, but this intense, gritty film packs a hard wallop.
This is one of the most visually alive and beautiful movies I have ever seen; there is a wonderful flow of fresh air, light, vigor, and liberty through every shot.	A pure classic.	Humphrey Bogart's maniacal Fred Dobbs is one of moviedom's great characterizations, a conglomeration of cunning, greed and paranoia.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948) is a classic tale of the elusive search for gold in the Sierra Madre Mountains by a trio of ill-matched	...one treasure of a movie.	Remade but never duplicated, this darkly humorous morality tale represents John Huston at his finest.
If you want to explore the ideas of love and emotional permeability while seeing a narratively complex world of sexual self-exploration to which few are privy, then this is the movie for you. Otherwise, run for your life.	Mitchell, despite appearances, is more interested in what makes his characters tick rather than their physical peccadilloes.	It's more than a porno movie with a plot. The reality of the heart manages to always temper the allure of the flesh. Ultimately, Mr. Mitchell shows us that sex doesn't mean a whole lot without a deeper connection.	A rather sweet, wistful little movie that just happens to have a lot of explicit sex in it.	The actors, while physically supple, can't draw us through Mitchell's sketchy script.	The sex may be explicit, but Mitchell integrates it into the characters' lives and serves the whole story up with a generous dose of sweetness and wit.
A film of small, transient pleasures, diminished slightly by the clunkiness with which it wields it pat, Disney-esque self-determination moral.	The best thing about Antz, I'll say it right away, is Gene Hackman (General Mandible). Just for him, it's worth seeing Antz.	There are still moviegoers who dream of seeing Woody Allen in a comedy like his early ones 'when they were funny.' Well, the film is here, but no one expected it would be.	Star-studded, gloriously animated, beautifully written, this cartoon will appeal just as much, if not more, to adults as to children.	It's a perfect picnic, without the pesky human interference.	Featuring a stellar voice cast, technically dazzling animation, and loads of good humor, Antz should delight both children and adults.
Fabian never makes a false move. Neither does Stamm, who understands that what's left off-screen is often more terrifying than what's on it.	I really liked The Last Exorcism. Surprised the heck out of me.	The Last Exorcism's cynical take on faith is worse than pandering, it's ineffective.	The scenes of Nell's possession have been done before, but it hardly matters in light of the attention to character in The Last Exorcism.	A horror film for the Christian fundamentalist set, The Last Exorcism employs the aesthetic of The Blair Witch Project for a musty demonic-possession tale that promotes strict, anti-modern doctrinal faith as the most righteous path.	It doesn't fully deliver on the chilly promise of its Blair Witch-style premise, but The Last Exorcism offers a surprising number of clever thrills.
Overloaded with hair-trigger melodrama that leaves the its cast in a permanent state of hackneyed hysterics. And oh yeah, they go "there" and there's nothing we can do to stop that locomotive.	With any luck, Robert Pattinson's naysayers will be silenced after they take a gander at his convincing, even magnetic work in Remember Me, a romantic drama more interested in character nuance than story innovation.	A small, dense chamber study of unhappy people looking for hope in the darkness, often literally.	When the film finally goes for broke with that ambitious, colossally misconceived finale, a tremendous emotional investment in these characters is necessary to pull it off -- and even then, its prospects would be questionable.	... too overripe in the melodrama department for modern audiences, but it features some credible acting and a ten hanky weep for those in the mood.	Its leads are likeable, but Remember Me suffers from an overly maudlin script and a borderline offensive final twist.
With its exploded notions of heroism, torture-rack dramatics and kamikaze gusto, it's a fiendishly entertaining flick.	Parental Content Review	War reduced to pop entertainment should at least be easy to swallow, but this stuff keeps getting stuck in our craw. The trash that Tarantino used to elevate he now imitates.	Sensationally entertaining, relentlessly suspenseful and thrilling with a terrific ensemble cast and wickedly funny and witty dialogue. Tarantino fans rejoice!	The pop-art auteur's least-focused film to date, a rambling wreck of shrewd ideas and cinematic influences that never interlock into their own identifiable movie.	A classic Tarantino genre-blending thrill ride, Inglourious Basterds is violent, unrestrained, and thoroughly entertaining,
Sissako's precise, economic, style looks almost monastic, but unsurprisingly obtains a far more powerful effect.	Timbuktu connects these disparate threads together with a poet's ease and a delightful grace.	Exceptional human filmmaking.	Well made, well told story, complete with humor	Sissako captures his story with poetic precision rather than gritty realism. Each shot is deliberately composed, and the transitions to new scenes follow a unique rhythm.	Gracefully assembled and ultimately disquieting, Timbuktu is a timely film with a powerful message.
Generally maintains a lovely humanism.	A film that bubbles with unique thought, trembling pain and immersive conversation.	[T]ruly art: uncomfortable in the incisiveness of [its] observations, aggressively attuned to the ordinary...	proudly quirky and optimistic	It's a sturdy piece of writing wed to an utterly unique visual style.	Miranda July's debut feature is a charmingly offbeat and observant film about people looking for love.
It is good to see Connery's grave stylishness in this role again. It makes Bond's cynicism and opportunism seem the product of genuine worldliness (and world weariness) as opposed to Roger Moore's mere twirpishness.	Connery has style, if not quite the energy quotient (he was 53 at the time) -- some nifty editing and a redundant dance routine make him look good.	Connery	An ugly, unwanted epilogue [to Connery's Bond], in which the character who was so iconic and perfect is reduced to a self-conscious joke.	Brandauer is a great Bond villain, and the role still fits Connery like an old tux.	While the rehashed story feels rather uninspired and unnecessary, the return of both Sean Connery and a more understated Bond make Never Say Never Again a watchable retread.
One of those rare but keen pieces of art that engage and reflect the human condition with no apparent effort at all.	Even at 80 minutes, this feels like a Chihuahua padded out to Great Dane proportions. It's far too hangdog to find much of an audience.	With the right marketing Wendy and Lucy could find a small and dedicated arthouse audience that could turn this simple heart warmer into a modest box office hit.	[Director] Reichardt has an excellent sense of proportion: She doesn't try to do too much, but what she does do is fully realized. Animal-lovers are hereby advised to bring the Kleenex.	Beautifully painful.	Michelle Williams gives a heartbreaking performance in Wendy and Lucy, a timely portrait of loneliness and struggle.
Under The Sand lifts the phantom-spouse syndrome to the level of art, yet another dimension for this popular form.	Under The Sand is vaguely disturbing, in an emotional sense, at all times.	Charlotte Rampling's performance, alone, is worth the price of admission...	Rampling continues to reinvent sexual desire.	A measured yet deeply enthralling character study of loss and loyalty.	Rampling carries the film with her finely nuanced performance of a woman coping with her husband's death.
"Bad Teacher" is exactly the one-joke movie that you probably expect it to be, but there are enough variations and shadings of that one joke to sustain its brief running time -- just barely.	Shame the flick's just a one-note joke because, sight unseen, Bad Teacher had me at the title.	... more interesting (albeit disheartening) for what it seems to say about public-school teachers ...	A disappointing, surprisingly unfunny comedy that fails thanks to a lazy, poorly structured plot, an uneven tone and a refusal to commit to its basic premise.	Vainly strives for outrageousness via dry-humping, nude-pic blackmail scams, and desperate cracks about blacks, Jews, and "Orientals."	In spite of a promising concept and a charmingly brazen performance from Cameron Diaz, Bad Teacher is never as funny as it should be.
It loves being quick and dirty, and it wants you to love it too. That honesty can be hard to resist, even when the film itself starts to falter.	...no logra superar ese status de ser una película pasajera y punto...	A rather dull zombie movie with pretensions of being a police drama.	The monsters were just not scary.	a '70s zombie picture with the posturing bravado and buddy-movie elements of an '80s sci-fi/action picture	John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars is not one of Carpenter's better movies, filled as it is with bad dialogue, bad acting, confusing flashbacks, and scenes that are more campy than scary.
When it comes to this road-trip comedy, the question isn't 'Are we there yet?' It's: 'Is it over yet?'	The movie will simply make a few million bucks and vanish, relegated to the darker closets of Blockbuster and Netflix, and historians will politely forget about it out of respect for the careers of those involved.	What follows plays a lot like National Lampoon's Vacation, only without that film's refreshing sense of cruelty	It probably sounded like a swell idea in the pitch meeting.	A workmanlike family comedy with enough pratfalls and poo jokes for tykes and enough sentimentality for parents.	An unoriginal and only occasionally funny family road-trip movie, RV is a mediocre effort that not even the charisma of Robin Williams can save.
This pungent comedy set in combat's erogenous zone is Polanski at the top of his game.	It's the concept that's a bit chewed-over.	Polanski has given Seigner a gift of a part: she's brazen, energetic and extremely funny in an ultimately scary way.	Venus in Fur never forgets to be playful and fluid, always moving, shifting gears, and surprising.	Polanski knows the jig is up: this is a beautifully framed mounting of a play, filmed elegantly with simply composed shots.	Provocative, funny, and brilliantly acted, Venus in Fur finds Roman Polanski in top late-period form.
No End in Sight will leave you floored, agape and enraged anew.	This is depressing stuff, brilliantly presented.	A damning appraisal of America's handling of the Iraq war.	Even dedicated news junkies will gain new understanding of a campaign with no end in sight.	If you want take the leap from disbelief and confusion to a clearer, empowering understanding of how we arrived at our current predicament, then political scientist Charles Ferguson's documentary No End In Sight is highly recommended.	Charles Ferguson's documentary provides a good summary of the decisions that led to the mess in post-war Iraq, and offers politically interested audiences something they'd been looking for: a lowdown on the decision making.
An elegant, deliciously wrinkly action film loaded with humor, racial tension and gloopy violence.	I kept hoping Michael Caine's Harry Brown would appear ready to teach them a lesson or two the hard way.	Entertaining tale of London housing-project youth battling vicious aliens should emerge as a cult hit.	Attack the Block distinguishes itself from its genre compatriots by prizing theme and place over referentiality and hip, out of the box "grindhouse"-ness.	This spunky, low-budget British action-comedy proves once again that a smart script can breath new life into even the most tired of subjects.	Effortlessly mixing scares, laughs, and social commentary, Attack the Block is a thrilling, brisky-paced sci-fi yarn with a distinctly British flavor.
The Patriot has the look and feel of an epic, but none of the actual feeling that would make it memorable leaving it to rank as a major disappointment.	A walloping entertainment.	Emmerich choreographs the action with breathtaking precision.	It's for the consumers of delicious Made In America hokum.	I had an ugly feeling when I left the theater, like someone was trying awfully hard to sell me on patriotism.	The Patriot can be entertaining to watch, but it relies too much on formula and melodrama.
A laughter vacuum whose race to parody the likes of Mama and the new Evil Dead remake didn't stretch to writing actual jokes.	Spoofs always break the rule of half-mocking something stale, but I had no idea we needed a minimum amount of time needed before a reference.	You must have a better way to spend that $13.	A boldly uninspired torrent of halfhearted slapstick, interminable poop jokes, and pointless pop-culture references, a veritable tsunami of idiocy.	When you find yourself wishing there was more Lindsay Lohan in a movie, you know it's bad. SCARY MOVIE 5 is so bad that a DJ spinning a pizza instead of a record is what passes for a sight gag. Or a woman having sex with a microwave...	Juvenile even by Scary Movie standards, this fifth installment offers stale pop culture gags that generate few laughs.
When Russell Crowe gives a lackluster performance, you know how meager a year it's been at the movies. In Body of Lies, Crowe is bogged down in a thankless role in a thankless movie.	Art may be imitating life, but it sure makes for dull movies. Body of Lies is the latest example of what a crutch this has become -- show grainy satellite images, cut to a chase in a crowded bazaar, discuss 'intel'. Repeat.	Thanks to its high-talent pro lineup, Body of Lies passes the time well, even if it doesn't necessarily enrich it.	While action-adventure conventions take precedence over socio-political analysis, visceral kicks are in short supply, a situation that throws the film's tendencies toward stale misdirection and goofy melodrama into sharp relief.	Básicamente un buen film de entretenimiento sobre un tema "serio" como el combate al terrorismo, armado de manera eficaz aunque superficial.	Body of Lies relies on the performances of Russell Crowe and Leonardo DiCaprio to elevate it beyond the conventional espionage thriller.
Diane Keaton should stay away from such derivative, degrading roles.	Keaton is almost unwatchable in embarrassing scenes that involve an over-the-top car chase and a computer with a mind of its own.	A desperate comedy whose frequently acute insights into tense, but loving mother-daughter relationships is constantly hamstrung by ill-advised forays into physical humor and too much reliance on Diane Keaton's mania.	Everyone here is a caricature, and the gaps are papered over with hyperactive shtick. I haven't seen so many cakes dropped or smashed since I Love Lucy.	The entire project seems like a diabolical conspiracy to destroy one of the few icons we've got left, but luckily that's where it fails most of all.	Overly reliant on caricatures and lacking any human insight, Because I Said So is an unfunny, cliche-ridden mess.
Uneven drama about unhappy family, including tragedy.	The elements are all there but never fully click into place - more like a TV movie than a big-screen drama.	A movie tomb in which zombiedom is confused with - what's the phrase? - "nuanced performances". Fireflies may be a douche to freshen up the thesp skills of A-listers, but why do we have to suffer for their art?	The emotional effectiveness varies from moment to moment between not pushing too hard or simply not pulling hard enough.	It's not a bad film - Lee directs with subtle grace and the cast is predictably strong - but it's saddled with too many characters, not enough drama and a strong sense of overfamiliarity.	Despite boasting a stellar cast, Fireflies in the Garden is just tedious, dull and predictable melodrama. Instantly forgettable.
We're supposed to be convinced that [Vitus has] proved himself a normal kid in spite of his virtuoso skills, not because of them. It's a bit of a stretch, but he's got the long fingers for it.	Old-fashioned but enjoyable and touching, the Swiss Vitus contributes to a growing body of films about dilemmas faced by a child prodigy and his parents, much in the vein of Seraching for Bobby Fischer; as the boy's grandfather, Bruno Ganz is terrific	The film is charming and often funny, but under all that sweetness are some very sharp observations about contemporary life.	It's a simple, gentle tale that pulls its audience in almost imperceptibly; by its end, you just might be blinking away unexpected tears.	In addition to the rich classical music on its score (with piano solos played by Gheorgiu who is a real-life musical prodigy), the film boasts strong performances by Ganz as the understanding grandparent and Jenkins and Jucker as the boy's parents.	Though not highly original, Vitus is slightly redeemed by its charm and compelling performances.
When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language.	Forget about the controversy: this is visceral, rocket-fuelled film-making.	Assumes familiarity with the background of the 'troubles' and proceeds viscerally to portray the British as murderers of Irish demonstrators in 1972.	The film transports us back in time.	Bloody Sunday has been rightly compared to movies like Costa-Gavras' Z ... Like them, it doesn't dramatize or reenact history so much as throw us back into it and make us feel it in our bones.	Bloody Sunday powerfully recreates the events of that day with startling immediacy.
A surprisingly ambivalent entry in genre that's usually brain-dead.	Ultimately, the picture isn't especially fast or furious, just fleeting.	It takes some work to make 100-mph motorcycle races boring, but they've managed to pull it off here.	In the end the exposition outweighs the thrills.	The final race was so anticlimactic that I wish I had left the theater and just imagined a better ending.	Waste of a good cast. For a movie about bike racing, it never gets up to speed.
Two and a half hours I'll never get back...	Feels enervated and logy, its energy sucked into the vacuum of Tom Cruise's star power.	Insists on spelling things out, and the more we know about the supernatural direction the movie takes, the less interesting it is.	When you learn the solution, hinted at vaguely with a few early clues, you're likely to be surprised. Satisfied, though, is another matter.	There's plenty of fluff and puff (and a soundtrack that's way overused) -- but little pay off.	An ambitious mix of genres, Vanilla Sky collapses into an incoherent jumble. Cruise's performance lacks depth, and it's hard to feel sympathy for his narcissistic character.
The romantic comedy that all others draw from, few imitate effectively, and none have been able to replicate.	Instead of attempting a journalistic study of bus-travel, regularly punctuated by comic touches, Director Frank Capra and Robert Riskin who adapted Samuel Hopkins Adams' story, fused the two.	It Happened One Night was in many ways a predecessor to the modern romantic comedy, and its dynamics will still feel familiar to the current-day viewer.	It's nearly impossible to find anyone who doesn't love it. Or doesn't feel, in some way, that it speaks to them.	The grandparent of the screwball comedy sub-genre, and arguably Frank Capra's best film.	Capturing its stars and director at their finest, It Happened One Night remains unsurpassed by the countless romantic comedies it has inspired.
invites viewers to become a bit like the dreamer Walter and, in (re)discovering and embracing their inner child (not to mention their inner muppet), to join a fantastic, funny family that never grows old, no matter how times may have changed.	The film offers up plenty of old-fashioned entertainment and nostalgia to please kids and their parents.(Parental Movie Review also available)	The Muppets marks a triumphant return for these beloved characters. This movie made me feel good all over.	Segel and his collaborators do right by the Muppets, setting them up for a new generation of fans while honoring what made them so appealing in the first place.	A loving, faithful and very entertaining adaptation that gets what the Muppets are about and why people love them.	Clever, charming, and heartfelt, The Muppets is a welcome big screen return for Jim Henson's lovable creations that will both win new fans and delight longtime devotees.
"Horrible Bosses" is like a loud water-cooler routine that you're forced to endure before suggesting to your crass co-workers that they should get back to work.	It's over-the-top stuff, to be sure. But Bosses never crosses that line into the macabre. Don't call in sick to this shift.	Gordon has the good sense to simply step aside here, letting his cast goof around and bounce off of one another like so many rubber balls.	Smarter ideas about revenge, politics and labor are all off the table, and that's weird for a movie where the title promises angry catharsis for everyone who's fortunate enough to even have an employer to hate in the first place.	Although the premise is far-fetched and the plot at times ridiculous, there's enough comedic firepower in Seth Gordon's film to carry you over the rough patches.	It's nasty, uneven, and far from original, but thanks to a smartly assembled cast that makes the most of a solid premise, Horrible Bosses works.
Like a nightmare that never ends, this is a vision of madness, loneliness and, yes, horror that, once seen, demands to be viewed over and over again. It is that haunting, and that good.	Sends a chill that extends from the cheekbones through the eye sockets to the back of the skull.	A marvellous movie in the fullest sense.	A classic of twisted gothic enchantment.	Awesome for its time, but a little awkward today, this straight-talking shocker deserves regard rather than reverence.	A horrific tale of guilt and obsession, Eyes Without a Face is just as chilling and poetic today as it was in 1959.
Although it never ties together as securely as it should, Arbitrage carries itself with a confident sense of gloom and panic, keeping the mysteries at hand persuasive despite storytelling that flames out instead of building ominously.	Financial crime can be difficult to follow and dull to relate ... But Nicholas Jarecki keeps the paper stuff straightforward and the action interesting by bolting it on to a more conventional thriller plot.	A shrewd satisfying thriller with a magical twist in Gere's performance. Instead of a demonized tycoon - Bernie Madoff as Satan - we see a fully-realized character.	Richard Gere, always reliable but underestimated actor, gives one of his strongest, most dominant performances in Jarecki's taut thriller, one that should finally garner him Oscar nomination.	It's appropriate that Arbitrage gets its American release while our country is knee-deep in the fight over the fiscal cliff and the future of our financial institutions.	Arbitrage is both a tense thriller and a penetrating character study, elevated by the strength of a typically assured performance from Richard Gere.
T&D offers good-natured, confidently executed splatstick whose frequent hilarity suffers only from peaking too early.	Great hillbilly horror comedy!	If this isn't one of the funniest horror pics ever made, I've got to get out more often.	Beats a dead horse all the way to the glue factory.	... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that doesn't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre.	Like the best horror/comedies, Tucker & Dale vs. Evil mines its central crazy joke for some incredible scares, laughs, and -- believe it or not -- heart.
A decent import with a nice ending -- and you couldn't ask for better acting talent.	Nathalie is intricate, provocative, cleanly acted, but it's never entirely convincing -- and never more so than in the table-turning climax.	A final big 'twist,' which should be no surprise..., sets everything to right again, a case of French marital therapy by way of the Red Shoe Diaries.	Worth a look, especially if you appreciate the very particular and sometimes peculiar charms of contemporary French cinema.	It isn't engaging enough to really work and the direction lacks the imagination that might have breathed some life into it.	A seductive French import that portrays adult issues of jealousy and betrayal with strong lead performances and considerable French charm.
manages to evoke, but never trivialise, the mad, internecine conflicts of recent Italian political history	Thanks to the captivating performances, this is well worth checking out.	Director Daniele Luchetti's strategy is to personify the long-standing divisions of his homeland in a pair of siblings, but make the characters so vital that we don't feel we're being browbeaten with political allegory.	A merry swirl of vital, passionate performances.	This smart, engaging film shows how much political convictions are often rooted in the inchoate passions and early disappointments of youth.	Luchetti takes advantage of the storyline's historical context without sacrificing his cast's fine performances or the script's light wit.
A weird, unsuccessful and by all accounts unreasoned blend of styles [that] seems shot and edited together by two entirely different people.	Brittany Murphy...once again flashing come-hither lips, hair, legs and everything else when her dark eyes would do just fine.	None of it is handled with any emotional believability or grace.	Takes an extremely obvious comic situation ... and misses the easy laughs by miles.	It's excruciating, a film of forced humor and fake, grating sentimentality, featuring two lead performances that elicit neither affection nor empathy.	With two obnoxious lead characters and an uneven screenplay, Uptown Girls fails to charm.
The performances are haunting.	A movie of timeless relevance and effects. Lew Ayres would never again equal his performance in this film version of the well-known anti-war novel.	One of the great war-is-folly epics.	The film made Ayres a star.	Classic early talkie is still anti-war effective.	Director Lewis Milestone's brilliant anti-war polemic, headlined by an unforgettable performance from Lew Ayres, lays bare the tragic foolishness at the heart of war.
If you like - or at least don't mind - ice hockey, then hang on for a great story, skilfully filmed.	A Cinderella sports story you can't help but enjoy.	Miracle fails to ring true as it tries to make a sporting event an all-embracing metaphor for the American way.	The best sports movie since Tin Cup.	Miracle puts audiences on the Olympic ice, sharing the once-in-a-lifetime action.	Kurt Russell's performance guides this cliche-ridden tale into the realm of inspirational, nostalgic goodness.
The only way that a story this insipid could be any good would be if it was a very campy black comedy.	Jessica Lange establishes a spark of interest in this psychological thriller with her giggly demonic performance. But the film never adds up to anything more than an elaborate tease.	A mystery without surprises, a thriller without thrills. It's too bad, really, because the movie has a few strong points.	Absolutely awful.	An absurdly bad mixture of Rosemary's Baby and any Bette Davis movie from the 1960s	A ridiculous but wholly predictable potboiler with performances ranging from comatose to hysterical.
An absorbing - if, inevitably, impressionistic - picture of life in Kabul and beyond.	While its style and structure conform to the well-worn template established by docs like Spellbound, its success lies in creating an accessible, fun way into serious issues.	And while its style and structure conform to the well-worn template established by docs like 'Spellbound', its success lies in creating an accessible, fun way into serious issues.	The filmmaking itself is pretty much by the numbers...But there's some genuine tension as the competition field narrows.	For all the dramatic pull of the competition and insight into current culture and politics in Afghanistan, it's a bit of a shame that the film itself is such a dry affair.	An enlightening and sobering documentary on Afghanistan's very own X-Factor.
A lovely, quietly touching film that approaches a provocative and topical subject with dramatic sensitivity and graceful understatement.	Dull and depressing, The Visitor is leaden, lethargic and full of heavy-handed symbolism. The Statue of Liberty keeps popping up in the movie, which uses it like a cheap stage prop.	Much more interested in its interpersonal relationships than it is in climbing a soapbox and preaching to the choir.	The Visitor is a small film; it's also an incandescent one.	Depicts the way a professor's closed-off heart is opened by music, friendship, and love; one of the most touching and impressive films of the year.	The Visitor is a heartfelt, humanistic drama that deftly explores identity, immigration, and other major post-9/11 issues.
If you don't buy Fair Trade coffee after this you never will.	Economic repression by competitive market forces is a systemic injustice in this corner of the marketplace.	More dynamism and knowledge in the telling and fewer cheap shots at young Starbucks workers in Seattle wouldn't have gone amiss.	"Black Gold" also finds cause for optimism in its connections, showing how if Western coffee drinkers make the right choices at their end, they can positively affect the African growers at the other.	The Francis brothers maintain a lively pace and a satirical mood.	Black Gold is an eye-opening account of the winners and losers in the global coffee trade.
worth seeing, primarily for its beautiful Goa setting	Here are filigree detailing, pure-and-simple performances (especially from Venkatesh Chavan as the boy) and a subtly lambent moral tale ...	[A] wholly unobjectionable, likeably performed but faintly soporific drama ...	The resonant, beautifully naturalistic drama The Pool is a return to the familiar subject of haves and have-nots for director Chris Smith.	The Pool takes viewers on a journey to Goa that is startling not only in the lush physical beauty it reveals but also in the subtle, finely wrought emotions it stirs.	Beautifully crafted with loosely drawn characters and a lilting, natural pace, Chris Smith's The Pool features a universal message to which everyone can relate.
╔ uma pena que o Oscar, ao contrрrio de outras premiaушes, nсo possua uma categoria de 'Melhor Elenco'.	A deep blue sea of great acting, directing, and writing. It is quite illuminating, for those of you who are not afraid to take the plunge into its murky waters.	This simplicity in its anti-censorship message keep it from achieving the greatness that it strives for.	Geoffrey Rush steals the show as a charismatic madman, but the story is too dated to resonate beyond its little corner of history.	a festival of snobbish, yet still plainly sophomoric puns. I'm not appalled by the vulgarity ... I'm appalled by the lack of entertainment.	Though hard to watch, this film's disturbing exploration of freedom of expression is both seductive and thought-provoking.
Selling the gospel with flatulence, horny old men, penis-size jokes, vengeful wronged women, outrageous drag queen grandmas and drug humor apparently pays pretty darned well.	A satisfying end, but it takes a lot of work -- and a lot of suspended disbelief -- to get there.	Diary of A Mad Black Woman has no idea what kind of film it wanted to be, and fails at every genre it tries to tackle.	Perry doesn't have any delusions of artistry, and potentially, at least, that's refreshing. But any points he earns for lack of pretense are immediately gobbled up by his lack of subtlety.	The messages are nothing if not mixed. On the one hand, Perry's script is a pious celebration of Christian charity and patience. On the other ... well, just look at the MPAA rating.	Tyler Perry's successful play can't make the move to the screen; this mix of slapstick, melodrama and spirituality lacks a consistent tone.
What should be a breezy, hand-waving romp turns out to be a misshapen, lazy flop. One moment it soothes the heart with sweet music, and the next it fries your ears with feedback.	One of the best films of the year so far, this party begins with an inspired act of generosity: Dave Chappelle handing out golden tickets to a New York block festival, featuring hip-hop's biggest acts.	A movie with good humor, good music and a positive message that isn't a complete embarrassment to watch.	As a comedy, it doesn't quite gel. As a musical it doesn't have much more luck, but as a showcase for Chappelle's talents, Block Party works just fine.	This is effectively an inner-city Woodstock -- only funny.	Dave Chappelle's Block Party is a raucous return to the spotlight for the comic. Buoyed by Chappelle's witty, infectious humor and outstanding performances from some of the more socially conscious artists in hip-hop like Mos Def, Kayne West, the Roots, and (will wonders never cease?) the reunited Fugees, this documentary/concert film is a joyous experience. With an appealing mix like that, who doesn't want to attend this Party?
At times tedious but ultimately beguiling, Song of Sparrows morphs from a sly dramedy about running a household into a fable about two ways of life (urban and rural) that can't coexist.	It's sweet and has some sublime, poetic moments.	It is somehow congenial to feel that we are watching a tale that could have been told elsewhere.	Another gem about spiritual renewal by the great and sensitive Iranian director Majid Majidi.	This is the fourth collaboration for Naji and Majidi, and the actor and director feed off each other creatively, pushing the boundaries of the characters each time.	A heartfelt, affecting parable, The Song of Sparrows is another gem from Iranian director Majid Majidi.
Fellini's manic, larger-than-life 8 1/2 rules as the king of all Italian movies.	8 1/2 is widely regarded as Federico Fellini's masterpiece, though it is an abstract admittance of failure. (The film, however, has few faults it does not itself admit - a benefit of a film containing its own critic).	Most overrated film of all time.	The ensuing decades have brought forth a deluge of bogus masterpieces, and Fellini's, by comparison, holds up rather well.	A marvellous and immensely personal piece of self analysis, which journeys into the heart, mind and soul of its illustrious director, Frederico Fellini.	Inventive, thought-provoking, and funny, 8 1/2 represents the arguable peak of Federico Fellini's many towering feats of cinema.
Corny and cliched	That rare ensemble piece in which all four principals are not only compellingly drawn but handled with an astute sense of dramatic balance.	Boozing, cheating, weeping, backstabbing, pill-popping -- Country Strong plays more like a honky-tonk jukebox than a movie.	The movie has its moments, but the characters are fuzzy around the edges...	With so many storylines battling for supremacy, Country Strong never conveys who these people are and is often inconsistent in portraying them.	The cast gives it their all, and Paltrow handles her songs with aplomb, but Country Strong's cliched, disjointed screenplay hits too many bum notes.
The Dilemma for audiences is whether they would appreciate this slight, threadbare film but for the indefatigable energy of Vince Vaughn?	The introspective themes aren't fleshed out to their fullest potential, but it's interesting to watch Howard depict bothered people with a semi-lighthearted tone, instilling the film with a promising, if unfulfilled gravitas.	At the very least, I can now say that I know what "lady wood" is.	Some great chemistry between the central duo is undone by a plot that is so frustrating you will want to chew off your arm. It's so frustrating that the ending is a palpable relief.	A Titanic wreck that makes you wonder if anyone was at the helm. The plot's lost in a Bermuda triangle of exhausted-formula, genre-muddle and hackneyed storytelling. Bromance, dark drama, slapstick, and rambling, wanna-be-funny speeches get mixed up.	It boasts a likable cast and an interesting premise, but The Dilemma can't decide what to do with them; the result is an uneven blend of cheesy slapstick and surprisingly dark comedy.
There are really only two kinds of big-budget action movies: stupid, and good and stupid. Surprisingly, XXX: State of the Union is good and stupid.	Now, rather than looking tough, former NWA badass Ice Cube simply seems constipated, and rather than being intimidating he is strangely ingratiating.	Intellectually as dumb as a door post, but Ice Cube provides enough fun.	'Rather then saying the film strikes out I think I'll use a little bowling jargon to sum it up: "XXX" is a turkey!'	[T]his is that oddest of creatures, the blue state action movie.	Even more absurd and implausible than the first XXX movie, State of the Union is less inspired and technically competent than its predecessor.
Captures the fear, confusion and bravery of these boys in a way that is both beautifully ethereal and violently tangible.	Del Toro risks ponderousness of pace and symbolism--of an oppressive artiness--to be true to his bleak vision, which is so compelling, unpredictable and unique that The Devil's Backbone really works.	A freakshow royale.	You may find that images from this movie clamber back into your memory weeks after you see it, and give your spine a chill.	So much better than Del Toro's studio efforts, with a masterful command of sound and and colour that is breathtaking.	Creepily atmospheric and haunting, The Devil's Backbone is both a potent ghost story and an intelligent political allegory.
Contains a riveting dialogue between an anti-war German woman and a not-so-rigid Gestapo agent.	A career-defining performance by Julia Jentsch drives this riveting German thriller	Sophie Scholl: The Final Days may sound like a history lesson, but don't be fooled. It's a horror film.	There's no moment of release, no instant of sudden redemption in this powerful, moving, and altogether devastating film.	Sophie Scholl: The Final Days wants to avoid the sentiment that is inherent in the details of her tragic demise, but in doing so, it's leeched the emotional power out of her life and death.	A film that begs the audience to reflect upon their own courage and strength of character in light of this young heroine's daring story.
This Earth is beautiful and worthwhile.	Our responsibility to protect this ecosystem underscores every image; watching is submission to our call of duty. Yet, Earth feels compromised where Planet Earth was not	It might seem awfully mean to critique a nature documentary released by Walt Disney on Earth Day -- but that's exactly what I'm about to do.	In a sea of Hollywood formula, artifice and escapism, here is an invitation to wonder, awe and gratitude.	Feels like a thin introduction rather than a rich tapestry.	With its spectacular and extensive footage, Earth is both informative and entertaining.
Bullock is certainly likable, but the fact that her performance (let alone the movie itself) is considered Oscar-worthy is ludicrous.	In the movie The Blind Side, truth is sacked and authenticity is fumbled -- all in the name of cheerleading. The Blind Side is not true -- it is a crowd-pleasing white wash.	Yes, this feel-good sports/biographical drama is predictable and by-the-numbers. Yet for the most part, this cinematic "comfort food" goes down pretty well.	I really wanted to like John Lee Hancock's The Blind Side. In fact, I wanted to love it.	An antiseptic answer to Precious designed for the tweener demographic.	It might strike some viewers as a little too pat, but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock.
A documentary on the impact of a passionate group of dedicated and creative individuals in raising awareness of the AIDS epidemic.	Probably the most moving doc of the year, both devastating and uplifting at the same time, and I can't recommend it enough.	A riveting look at LGBT protesters during the AIDS crisis - and an object lesson that if the revolution is going to be televised, it's good to have the revolutionaries holding the cameras.	Ultimately, the story presented by the former reporter for Boston's defunct Gay Community News is one of hope.	Mostly the film toggles between two emotions - the high of watching brave people go to war, and the low of seeing so many of them fall, as entire communities are destroyed.	Angry, powerful, and stirring, How to Survive a Plague is a brilliantly constructed documentary about the activists who pushed for action to combat the AIDS epidemic.
[A]s entertaining as it is to watch the wheels spin back and forth, it's a closed world. Viewers not already acquainted with hip-hop and deejay culture might feel a little lost here, like watching a foreign-language film with no subtitles.	Thanks to so many articulate DJs and terrific footage, the documentary is a must-see for hip-hop fans ...	Time with this diverse group of record-spinners makes you appreciate them as the groundbreaking musicians they are.	...Pray doesn't have a passion for the material. He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race.	Mixes likeable personalities, inventive photography and cutting, and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating, silly, perverse, hopeful and always fun.	Whether you know anything about turntablism or not, Scratch makes for fun and informative viewing.
To the audience suckered into paying to see this, here's why your generation sucks.	its primary effect is to leave you less thrilled than simply asking what's the point in remaking something if you can't improve on the original?	Freddy's 2010 makeover made him look like a burn victim meets a Na'vi creature from 'Avatar.' Also, for a movie that is about its characters fighting sleep to survive, it's a shame 'Elm Street' induces a few REM-driven naps.	This Elm Street reeks of a rushed cash-grab, as even the most reliable of clichéd shocks fail to register on the fright-o-meter.	Perfectly symbolic of the laziness and lack of ingenuity inherent with much of today's plastic Hollywood moviemaking.	Visually faithful but lacking the depth and subversive twists that made the original so memorable, the Nightmare on Elm Street remake lives up to its title in the worst possible way.
What makes Chow unique, perhaps even revolutionary, is that he is the first movie comedian to consistently make hilarious use of digital effects.	It is everything KILL BILL wanted to be, but actually wasn't.	A film that is geared simply, straightforwardly and, above all, honestly to providing absolute entertainment.	Imagine a movie in which Wile E. Coyote, Jackie Chan and The Three Stooges share top billing. That's Kung Fu Hustle.	You'll either love it or feel hustled.	Kung Fu Hustle blends special effects, martial arts, and the Looney Toons to hilarious effect.
A sweeping docudrama of recent history in Germany regarding home-grown terrorism.	I have seen The Baader Meinhof Complex three or four times now, and, despite exasperation with its fissile form, I find it impossible not to be plunged afresh into this engulfing age of European anxiety.	An epic look at a recent blood-soaked episode of post-war Germany.	Pumped with energy and authenticity, this film recounts the tumultuous events in 1960s and 70s Germany with vivid detail and an involving cast of characters. It's breathtaking filmmaking, in every sense of the word.	Merely lets the facts of forty years ago speak for themselves, and one can't deny that its dramatization of them has enormous energy and urgency.	Intricately researched and impressively authentic slice of modern German History, with a terrific cast, assured direction, and a cracking script.
There's just too much charm, too much heart, too much obvious sincerity and too much genuine quality to allow the film to be blown off.	... a film that makes studying Latin-root flash cards seem like a cool afterschool activity ...	This isn't a patch on Spellbound ... but its strong performances and its skilful deployment of the finest, hand-picked cliches ensures that it remains enjoyable throughout.	Akeelah and the Bee won a screenplay contest a few years ago, and it reads as if its writer studied too many screenplays first.	it's not only stupid, it's dim-witted, brainless and obtuse to the point of being insulting to the audience.	Although predictable in every way, a winning performance from its young star Keke Palmer and the rest of the cast makes it difficult not to cheer for the little heroine of Akeelah and the Bee. Sort of like Rocky for the middle school nerd set, Akeelah is a warm, family-friendly underdog story, featuring terrific supporting performances from Laurence Fishburne and Angela Bassett.
Still the best film from the Coen brothers.	Written during their own creative block, Joel and Ethan Coen's noirish satirical allegory decodes the myth of the "sensitive" artist, the mysteries of the creative process, and the ambiguities of Hollywood authorship.	Does cinema get any better than this?	Somehow everything coheres, thanks to the Coens' superb writing and assured direction, and a roster of marvellous performances. The result works on numerous levels, thrilling the mind, ears and eyes, and racking the nerves.	If Fink lacks cumulative punch, its fighting power is a technical knockout.	Twisty and unsettling, the Coen brothers' satirical tale of a 1940s playwright struggling with writer's block is packed with their trademark sense of humor and terrific performances from its cast.
Zenovich has made a feature worthy of its eccentric and reckless central figure at his most cynical and embittered.	Using tons of footage and new interviews with the victim and key legal figures -- but not the subject himself -- director Marina Zenovich shows how Polanski's darker urges were matched on a moral level by others involved in the case.	A judiciously argued account with intriguing asides	The film walks a fine line between contempt for Polanski's crimes and sympathy for his trials and his screwed-up psyche, and it manages both...	"Zenovich's film is a fair and skillful chronicling of the Roman Polanski case, and a study of how the circumstances of celebrity influence the carrying out of justice in the U.S. It's not an in-depth study of the filmmaker's psychology nor of how his lif	A courtroom drama and an exploration of celebrity and responsibility.
While this isn't a great documentary (see Hoop Dreams), it's a likable one...an inner-city, gender-reversal version of Hoosiers.	It's uplifting and inspiring to see a coach who brings out the best in his girls. Like the documentary Hoop Dreams, this turns out to be a whole lot more than just a movie about basketball.	It emerges as a captivating and classic sports film. It is also a compelling story about fairness and doing the right thing, from the team level on up to state bureaucracies and the judicial system.	By [the end] we have come to have real respect for Russell's determination.	It is fun to watch, stimulating to experience and something you want to share with friends.	This group of high school girls and their eccentric basketball coach easily win your heart with their unusual humanity and dynamism.
Jesse and Celine are perfectly likable, sympathetic people, and seeing them begin to fall in love ... is a reasonably satisfying experience.	For the movie's placid external nature hides a tumultuous emotional underside filled with recriminations, anger, hope, compassion and love.	Thanks to fine writing and two very good actors, filmgoers get another insightful look at the nature of love. Paris, also, has seldom looked so fresh and beautiful on screen.	This movie is basically a yakfest, but an incredibly fluid and involving one . . .	Forget Spider-Man's tussle with Doc Ock. Forget Shrek's trek to Far Far Away. And forget Harry Potter's latest attempt to endure the snipes of Snape. For me, the sequel to see during the summer of 2004 is Richard Linklater's Before Sunset.	Filled with engaging dialogue, Before Sunset is a witty, poignant romance, with natural chemistry between Hawke and Delpy.
Bereft of any kind of laughs or remote giggles when not blatantly ripping off the Austin Powers mold...	A "sleazy does it" production that looks like it was improvised on the spot with a lack of conviction by a bunch of naughty 12 year-olds desperate for attention.	Leading man Will Forte will make you pine for the graceful savoir faire of a Jack Black or an Adam Sandler.	This comedy is an absolute waste of time and easily the worst movie of 2010.	The thing that stands out about the film is just how raunchy it is- it's probably the dirtiest material ever connected to the "Saturday Night Live" brand in its 35 years.	It too often mistakes shock value for real humor, but MacGruber is better than many SNL films -- and better than it probably should be.
The most engaging Twilight movie yet.	It all goes wrong just when it should go right.	This slow-moving film has long periods of inaction and generates little suspense, making it the worst film in the "Twilight Saga" films so far.	Breaking Dawn - Part 1 transfers pivotal events from the source material to the screen but fails to translate those events into a competent two-hour movie experience.	As maddeningly uneven as it is, Breaking Dawn boasts some of the strongest moments yet in a largely lackluster franchise.	Slow, joyless, and loaded with unintentionally humorous moments, Breaking Dawn Part 1 may satisfy the Twilight faithful, but it's strictly for fans of the franchise.
It's thrilling, chilling, amusing and moving, and if I could think of any other sensations that rhymed, The Cove would surely be those as well.	Two fins up for The Cove, a documentary that whales on evil Japanese fishermen who kill dolphins for lunch meat.	The Cove doesn't always give you the facts you want. Yet its images of blood in the water are worth a thousand preachy words.	A-team adventure needs a fifth column	It's both an educational work of art and a classic espionage tale.	Though decidedly one-sided, The Cove is an impeccably crafted, suspenseful expose of the covert slaughter of dolphins in Japan.
The football action is rough, intricate and involving.	Uninspired!	If you're a teenaged girl, then "Varsity Blues," which stars "Dawson's Creek" mega-heartthrob James Van Der Beek, might well be the greatest film ever made.	Tired, corn-fed storyline and generic, plug-and-play direction!	While there are some undeniable false notes, there's also quite a bit on screen that works.	This is a predictable football movie that lacks intensity.
Using the absurd Díte to indict ambition, passivity, and willful ignorance, "I Served the King of England" is a familiar sort of comedy, equal parts farcical and musical.	Czech director Jirí Menzel casts a wide net in this fanciful tale of life, love and the relentless march of time.	... full appreciation requires both a grasp of European history and an appreciation for stories which have many layers of meaning.	Enjoyable, superbly directed and frequently funny wartime adventure with a superb central performance from Ivan Barney.	Menzel has crafted a visual extravaganza.	With charm and an eye for life's bittersweet moments, Czech New Wave master Jiri Menzel paints a picaresque story with whimsy and intellect.
The clever action and throwaway flights of fancy come close to making it worth the 3-D headache.	While there's a certain rough charm to the handmade virtual reality world [Rodriguez] creates, the movie still has the undeniable drawback that it causes a headache.	I was too bored to be properly angry, and too disgusted to be properly lulled to sleep. Robert has betrayed us all.	Once again, multitasking mad dad Robert Rodriguez has served up the most inventive sequel of the summer.	If the old red and blue 3-D glasses make your eyes hurt, you may have to skip this one, but that's the only bad thing you can say about it.	The movie will be found wanting if one is not taken in by the 3-D visuals.
Ron Howard popcorn-muncher is sappy, not smokin'.	An extremely old-fashioned tale about heroic firefighters (rival siblings...) with some good special effects, this is a typical Ron Howard picture in its middlebrow sensibility and sentimentality.	Manipulative? Yes. But damn, citywide funerals, a cranked score, and some Baldwin blue steel redemption poses clears away any irksome storytelling dissatisfaction.	Visually, pic often is exhilarating, but it's shapeless and dragged down by corny, melodramatic characters and situations.	A patchwork concoction of other (better) movies, but the gung-ho ensemble keeps it all afloat.	It's not particularly deep, but Backdraft is a strong action movie with exceptional special effects.
It's twisty, provocative and impressively grim, a sort of Asian-extreme Manhunter for the strong of nerve.	shifts its tone effortlessly between white-knuckle suspense and investigatory drama	Uma obra madura e complexa que insiste em desafiar as idéias pré-concebidas do espectador do início ao fim.	In between moments of chisel-hacking horror there is some impressively dark humour and top-notch acting. But be warned - emotionally this movie will reach deep into the pit of your stomach and wriggle your guts about before wrenching them out.	An impotent thriller about an insane serial killer, incompetent cops and an irritating overweight sweaty pimp.	A frantic and taut Korean serial killer thriller. One classy, if bloody and messy, gut wrencher of a movie.
It's good to see Marshall taking on another genre, and he certainly doesn't disgrace himself: Centurion could have a certain cult appeal, a bit like his apocalyptic oddity Doomsday.	Really little more than a boys' adventure tale done in a style more gruesome than most...too intense and nasty to be sheer dumb fun, and too silly and formulaic to be taken for a serious historical epic.	Occasionally Marshall provides a back story to fill out a role, but too often that's how it comes off: as filler.	It may be cheese, but it's of a fine vintage.	My appreciation for Centurion is fairly simplistic ... and amounts to little more than its success as a bloodbath with an appropriately cynical outlook and a cornucopia of brutality displayed with skill.	It's a bloody geyser of Neil Marshall's typically stylish B-movie action, but Centurion is too focused on hacking and slashing to deliver original dialogue or interesting characters.
A brazenly comic, fatally inconsistent romp that tries to destroy radical fundamentalism with ridicule.	Terrorism is a fact of modern life. There isn't a lot we can do about it, so we may as well laugh about it.	Four Lions isn't just the funniest movie of the year-it's also one of the smartest.	'Four Lions' truly is one of the best and most original comedies of the year.	A rude, edgy, rough indie comedy - hilariously funny until near the end, when reality begins to destroy the characters' slapstick universe.	Its premise suggests brazenly tasteless humor, but Four Lions is actually a smart, pitch-black comedy that carries the unmistakable ring of truth.
It's a sweet story sabotaged by routine characters and dumb plot turns.	A treat on two counts. First and foremost, it is a wildly entertaining and companionable film. Second, it is blessedly unpretentious.	[Gere's] need to telegraph sappy good-heartedness with every shot drains away all trace of eroticism.	Largely forgettable because the central love story, between a married couple played by Richard Gere and Susan Sarandon, has nary a spark.	Offers attractive, inoffensive characters and a smattering of broad laughs, but it fails to use its potential to explore weightier themes such as John's mid-life crisis.	The cast is warmly appealing, but with the loss of cultural context and addition of big-name celebrities, this American version loses the nuances of the original.
I laughed at this movie, but I also felt a little shell-shocked afterward.	Romance never seemed more deranged.	A giddy symphony of rude and raucous low humor.	Everyone falls for Mary -- why wouldn't they? -- and no one is spared from the Farrellys' razor sharp raunch.	There's Something About Mary is the funniest comedy I've seen in this decade.	There's Something About Mary proves that unrelentingly, unabashedly peurile humor doesn't necessarily come at the expense of a film's heart.
Violent film for Ice Cube. He can do better.	It keeps your attention mildly engaged. But just that.	Riddled with so many bullets and tasteless jokes that it swiftly loses momentum.	Why not just go back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.	Its generic villains lack any intrigue (other than their funny accents) and the action scenes are poorly delivered.	A sloppy, poorly directed action-comedy, All About the Benjamins is too derivative and gratuitously violent.
A twisted treat.	An extended collection of one-liners and not much more.	Ooky the Addamses may be, subversive they ain't; it plays like a paean to the nuclear family.	creepy and funny	Ooky the Addamses may be, subversive they ain't; it plays like a paean to the nuclear family.	The movie is peppered with amusing sight gags and one-liners, but the disjointed script doesn't cohere into a successful whole.
I was riveted from beginning to end...	The Thing is one of [Carpenter's] greatest moments, creating a terrifying atmosphere of claustrophobia, suspense and paranoia. And Kurt Russell is as good as he's ever been, wearing one of the best beards in movie history.	I discovered what it was to love a movie that was relentless in its desire to be unpleasant	This is one of those rare remakes that remains faithful to the premise of the original but does something unique with the concept.	John Carpenter equaled the unrelenting suspense of Halloween with this nerve-racking remake. Carpenter's The Thing is one of the all-time great horror films.	Grimmer and more terrifying than the 1950s take, John Carpenter's The Thing is a tense sci-fi thriller rife with compelling tension and some remarkable make-up effects.
It's hard to find fault with the motives of the teachers and the kids. Their determination and results are admirable.	It should be judged on the basis of its intentions, which are good, its aspirations, which are spectacular, and its morals, which are beyond compare, rather than its aesthetics, which are mediocre.	Segments shot in hindsight pale in comparison to the actual, effective, and emotional recollections of survivors who come to Whitwell to share their past with the school.	There is something quite heartening about watching these kids earnestly guide others around their memorial, which was four years in the making.	This film of middle school students who managed to create a Holocaust memorial is so self-congratulatory it tugs against the gravity of the Holocaust itself.	A touching, though somewhat flat, documentary that follows a homogenous class of white Protestant eighth graders as they learn the importance of tolerance by erecting a monument to the 6 million victims of the Holocaust.
An 80-minute, hand-drawn animated French film without dialogue and with one of the most depressing finale acts ever committed to celluloid: this is The Illusionist. It's also some sort of divine masterpiece.	Pictures speak louder than words, and what 'The Illusionist' speaks loudest about is the notion that what we do for a living is not nearly as important as how we choose to do our living.	Tati and Chomet are saying something complex but true here, testifying to the necessity of fakery while acknowledging that illusions can be cruel. The result is one beautiful movie -- and no less so for making a strong case that beauty is a lie.	The Illusionist is the next best thing to a new Tati movie.	While there's no doubting Chomet's creative genius, or that of his subject, The Illusionist ultimately adds up to less than the sum of its parts.	An engrossing love letter to fans of adult animation, The Illusionist offers a fine antidote to garish mainstream fare.
The often wry and pointed dialogue reminded me of the glory days of radio.	It's funny, dramatic, even heroic: "The Incredibles" largely lives up to its name. But you'll still leave the film feeling that Pixar left something on the table.	...far from engrossing...	Easily the best and brightest family-friendly movie of the year.	Й irфnico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nгo em uma produзгo estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.	Bringing loads of wit and tons of fun to the animated superhero genre, The Incredibles easily lives up to its name.
Tatum and Bell deserve more than the lethargic narrative that follows them across such exquisite wilderness.	This stilted view of 'Roman honour' is one big, phony cliché. Still, the fight sequences are good...	Showing Scotland as wild and forbidding as it must have in the 2nd Century, this is an entertaining adventure made tantalizing by the speculation based on real facts.	The acting is lame, and the characters lack depth. The movie's strengths are the authentic costuming and the breathtaking scenery of Scotland and Hungary.	Perfectly servicable sword n' sandal action flick. Channing Tatum continues to evolve as a leading man, but Jamie Bell steals the show.	The Eagle has a pleasantly traditional action-adventure appeal, but it's drowned out by Kevin Macdonald's stolid direction and Channing Tatum's uninspired work in the central role.
In 'Luther,' the reality of Martin Luther within sixteenth century temporal and spiritual complexity is dumbed down beyond recognition.	Curiously flat.	As the film veers uncertainly between meticulous historical recapitulation and shameless hokum, it brings enough characters to populate a mini-series.	Luther is more educational than engaging and fine if you want to feel like you've just paid $10 to retake high school history.	It's a film that dashes through much of the life and many of the works of Martin Luther without really getting at the personal or spiritual motivations for his crusade to reform the Catholic church.	This cinematic treatment of Martin Luther's life is more dull than inspiring.
It's interesting enough to watch for most of its length because of Wong's incisive camera work and his intense immersion of the Hong Kong night culture.	A movie that has Tarantino's brand of kinetic, eccentric energy but that's much more soulful.	a pair of not-entirely-successful romantic stories but, fuelled by [Wong Kar Wai's] cinematic fervor and exuberant use of music...it's irresistible	Neither of the movie's two stories makes complete sense, but that hardly matters. This is like being inside a pinball machine with a toddler at the controls.	A near-perfect fusion of form and style, content and substance. One of the great movies of its decade.	Even if all it had to offer were writer-director Wong Kar-wai's thrillingly distinctive visuals, Chungking Express would be well worth watching; happily, its thoughtfully drawn characters and naturalistic performances also pack a potent dramatic wallop.
an amazing technical achievement, as the cameras get so close to the birds you would almost swear you could reach out and touch their feathers.	This is one of the most exhilarating wildlife documentaries ever brought to the big screen.	People have to learn poetry. Birds are born with it. Perrin has merely copied their poetry on film, and it is breathtaking, frame by frame.	A beautiful spectacle that makes one think of God and Darwin in the same breath.	An exciting new chapter in the annals of natural spectacle.	A marvel to watch.
Compared to the rest of Lynch's work this is a crude assemblage of ideas that would be used to far greater effect in later movies.	What's it about? I can hear you shout. Therein lies the rub: not much really.	David Lynch's remarkable first film, made in 1976, still looks like a minor masterpiece, mixing Gothic horror, surrealism and darkly expressionist mise-en-scčne.	Some of it is disturbing, some of it is embarrassingly flat, but all of it shows a degree of technical accomplishment far beyond anything else on the midnight-show circuit.	By now, the most interesting thing about Lynch's cult-classic debut may be the evidence it offers of how fully his sensibility was formed.	David Lynch's surreal Eraserhead uses detailed visuals and a creepy score to create a bizarre and disturbing look into a man's fear of parenthood.
Despite charismatic performances by Woody Harrelson and Wesley Snipes as nothing-but- net shooters who might be called the Schmo and the Bro, White Men Can't Jump throws up mostly bricks.	This picture is packed with fun, but it doesn't really go anywhere.	Here is a comedy of great high spirits, with an undercurrent of sadness and sweetness that makes it a lot better than the plot itself could possibly suggest.	Episodic by enjoyable. Rosie Perez steals this one.	A double-whammy slam-dunker of a movie.	White Men Can't Jump provides a fresh take on the sports comedy genre, with a clever script and a charismatic trio of leads.
Above all, through its searing character studies, Girl, Interrupted provides genuine and gripping insights into aspects of humanity which are revealing, extraordinary and sometimes very funny.	Misses what was most engaging about Kaysen's memoir -- the unique sound of her voice, mostly drowned out here by too familiar attitudes and melodrama.	A female version of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest with no group dynamic.	[Jolie's] rantings and ravings are so studied and predictable that her work here is truly one of the worst performances of all time.	Director James Mangold works well with a strong cast, using a lot of close-ups to allow the actors to express their characters' emotions.	Angelina Jolie gives an intense performance, but overall Girl, Interrupted suffers from thin, predictable plotting that fails to capture the power of its source material.
The movie's main effect is to confirm how versatile Sellers has always been.	The overall tone is one of light drama, and it's only through its situations that it becomes a sly, witty statement on society, politics and pop culture.	Ground Zero for the cult of Sellers.	Hal Ashby's satirical parable on the way the USA surrenders itself to homespun evangelicalism gives Peter Sellers the role of a lifetime.	Brilliant Ashby classic, Peter Sellers' best.	Smart, sophisticated, and refreshingly subtle, Being There soars behind sensitive direction from Hal Ashby and a stellar Peter Sellers performance.
A magical slice-of-life whose small-scale nature is part of its effervescent charm.	A quiet joy, with sensitive performances of breathtaking delicacy.	Each of these characters has a generic, can-be- summed-up- with-one- character-trait quality, and there's no compelling reason for them to exist or for their stories to be told.	A delicate, thoughtful and often hilarious take on loneliness.	Superb filmmaking that really touches a nerve yet never manipulates or condescends to the audience for a second.	A sweet and quirky film about a dwarf, a refreshment stand operator, and a reclusive artist connecting with one another.
Even if you're not a big fan of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it--maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking--but a worthy entry and conclusion.	This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise. Those who couldn't care less probably stopped reading ages ago.	"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" ends the series on a triumphant note. It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more.	A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book's last act, but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed, especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation.	One of the saga's richest in character development installments, nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half's tone and look, other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D	Thrilling, powerfully acted, and visually dazzling, Deathly Hallows Part II brings the Harry Potter franchise to a satisfying -- and suitably magical -- conclusion.
One of the handful of Disney features that can be rightfully called perfect.	Sleeping Beauty has been regarded as a minor classic for too long. This restored edition should reinforce that it's a classic, period.	Despite being understandably technologically eclipsed... Sleeping Beauty still possesses an ageless Technirama charm and joie de vivre that's hard to find in many modern children's films.	Disney's last great fairy tale adaptation for more than thirty years, until Beauty and the Beast a worthy successor to Snow White and Pinocchio.	The picture is so misanthropic that its happy ending feels more coma-dream than fairy-tale resolution	This Disney dreamscape contains moments of grandeur, with its lush colors, magical air, one of the most menacing villains in the Disney canon.
It's difficult to get a grasp on just what audience this documentary is made for.	While it's uncertain if A Tribe Called Quest will ever get back together and play again, it's quite certain fans will love and appreciate BEATS, RHYMES & LIFE: THE TRAVELS OF A TRIBE CALLED QUEST as their final encore.	The movie's value is in informing and illuminating, not provoking.	You'll definitely leave the movie hoping [A Tribe Called Quest] will work out their differences to make more music together sometime in the future.	[I]t might have been nice if the documentary had worked a bit harder to find a real internal narrative.	This documentary focuses less on the music and more on the personality clashes and in-group tensions to great, compelling effect.
The art house meets Hollywood neo-noir in Bernardo Bertolucci's The Conformist, a film that isn't recognized enough as the masterpiece that it is.	This film nevertheless touches some issues that seem universal even today.	Storaro and Bertolucci have fashioned a visual masterpiece in The Conformist, with some of the best use of light and shadow ever in a motion picture.	A visual masterpiece thanks to Storaro's keen eye and Bertolucci's assured direction.	It's yesteryear remembered with a combination of nostalgia and repulsion, a queasy combination that defines the film and gives it a kind of hideous allure.	A commentary on fascism and beauty alike, Bernardo Bertolucci's The Conformist is acclaimed for its sumptuous visuals and extravagant, artful cinematography.
Less about the Vietnam War than about how the Marine Corps turns its recruits into killers.	There is a real fear at the heart of this monstrously armored, desperately defensive film.	Incredible first act; disappointing third act	...uses a full range of cinematic language to comment on an institution that "eats its own guts" as it destroys foreign cultures.	Full Metal Jacket, ice and wildfire, order and chaos, is intellectual war, hard thought.	Intense, tightly constructed, and darkly comic at times, Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket may not boast the most original of themes, but it is exceedingly effective at communicating them.
Not only has nothing essential been compromised, but the film seems crisper, cleaner and better organized than I remember.	Thrilling choreography makes this Hong Kong fantasy a comedic delight.	There's really only one reason to see this film -- the fights. They truly are spectacular.	A breathtaking pleasure certain to build anticipation for Yuen's future directing efforts on this side of the globe.	Iron Monkey embraces its Shaolin roots, complete with fighters who announce their special moves ("Shaolin Golden Palm!", "Shadowless Kick!", "Flying Sleeves!" etc.).	Iron Monkey may not have the poetic lyricism of Crouching Tiger, it makes up for it in fun and energy.
It's not delightful or funny or exciting, and for long stretches, it looks exactly like hapless actors standing in front of big rocks and reciting sitcom dialogue.	Here's one that should have stayed buried under a rock pile down at Fred and Barney's quarry.	If you need a quick cartoon high, and a few cheap laughs, before the real summer movies begin, Viva Rock Vegas is your temporary fix.	It's dumb, screwy and proud.	The first live-action movie of The Flintstones in 1994 was a Tyrannosaurus wreck, a production design in search of a story. Now director Brian Levant has made a prequel ... that's almost as dumb.	The prequel to the first full-length feature set in Bedrock, Viva Rock Vegas is a surprising improvement over The Flintstones. Aimed towards an audience of adults and children alike, critics feel Viva will appeal to a broad range of viewers.
The film's silly charm rests in the solid appeal of the two lead actors.	Black proves himself to be leading-man material.	If you need your messages wrapped around a 2x4 and pounded relentlessly against your willing skull, this is the movie for you.	Platitudes aside: Is encouraging morbid obesity really a good thing?	Wickedly funny but heartfelt and, like Hal, far deeper than first glance would indicate.	While surprisingly sweeter and warm-hearted than previous Farrelly outings, Shallow Hal is also less funny and more bland.
All Jewison has to offer us is an exquisitely packaged reminder of the Catholic Church's collaboration with the Vichy government. But why distort history when your sole purpose is to offer a history lesson?	The film operates well as a thriller and probably goes further than intended in extracting sympathy for its reprehensible protagonist.	Little more than a rote pursuit thriller.	Caine bounces back and forth almost randomly between pitiable and detestable, following the dictates of a formulaic plot.	... the thrilleresque aspects ... are most pleasing.	The movie bores despite a splendid performance by Michael Caine.
The peanut gallery might say Clio Barnard's genre-bending The Arbor is a mixed-up moving target, but it's strikingly honed in on its subject: the lauded writer and loathed matriarch Andrea Dunbar.	It's an even handed and responsible profile that recognises the playwright's important contribution to British theatre without turning away from the vulnerable and flawed human being that she was.	What emerges is a curious mix of avant-garde technique and social-realist case study, equally indebted to Barnard's art-world-video background and Dunbar's own close-to-the-bone writing.	Tough, worthy stuff.	The film's strange way of meandering off its original topic is never resolved, but even with its deficiencies The Arbor is always intelligent cinema.	Smart and inventive, The Arbor offers some intensely memorable twists on tired documentary tropes.
A flat, even somewhat dull fantasy that isn't nearly as deep as it thinks it is.	It's so utterly vague and mystical -- or, to be unkind about it, so slow the movie itself seems to be suffering from a hardening of the arteries.	Granted, it's not fair to bring a 21st-century sensibility to reading a historical situation, but this historical situation is considerably cleaned up, no matter how you look at it.	guiltlessly corny and whimsically melodramatic	Tries too hard to find its way into your heart.	Despite the talent involved in The Legend of Bagger Vance, performances are hindered by an inadequate screenplay full of flat characters and bad dialogue. Also, not much happens, and some critics are offended by how the film glosses over issues of racism.
Grim, dry and pointless, The Rover is a tense thriller set in an Australian wasteland that ends up wasting a terrific performance from Guy Pearce.	The reveal is eye-rollingly bad, a moment of affected profundity Michod's long, winding road trip never earns.	The central performances are excellent if not capable of being too finely cut given the meandering, dare I say roving, narrative.	The finale is the one melancholy moment in an austere, violent story.	A bleaker, less colorful descendant of the Mad Max films, replacing the rollicking action of that franchise with a mood of nihilistic despair.	Fueled by engaging performances from Guy Pearce and Robert Pattinson, the tension-filled The Rover overcomes its narrative faults through sheer watchability.
Murphy still has energy and charisma to spare and raises the performances of the more subdued actors that surround him.	The film seems... to be a precisely timed affair: so many seconds for this, so many for that, and the natural flow of the story be damned.	Just interested in being more BHC; nobody really bothered with quality control.	This ultraslick, laughless sequel suffers from Axel Foley's personality overhaul into a complete jerk.	Not as good as the original, but fast and funny enough to suffice fans	Eddie Murphy remains appealing as the wisecracking Axel Foley, but Beverly Hills Cop II doesn't take him -- or the viewer -- anywhere new enough to justify a sequel.
With rugged reverence, Sweetgrass depicts the final sheepherder drive into Montana's Beartooth mountains.	If Avatar was last year's best-looking film, 2011's award may well go to a documentary shot for small change concerning sheep. No, really.	The men who inhabit the land and herd the sheep grow in stature and remain with the viewer after 'Sweetgrass' is over.	As subcultural anthropology, it's unassailable. Yet the often ugly-looking DV aesthetic dilutes the cumulative effect.	There are audience rewards for sticking with the herd and its lonesome cowboys.	At once tender and unsentimental, Sweetgrass gracefully captures the beauty and hardships of a dying way of life.
The unique, lilting music would subsequently crop up in True Romance, though Tarantino's generation has yet to dethrone Badlands as the most haunting of all couple-on-the-run movies.	Written, produced and directed by Terrence Malick, pic is his first feature and it's an impressive debut.	Incredibly beautiful, of course (you may have heard that Malick movies are famous for their landscapes), but it's not "just" beautiful.	Sheen works an abundance of meaning into a very small space, so we at least recognize this doomed, erstwhile child as all too human, and appropriately dangerous.	Malick has come to be known and revered as a cinematic poet and philosopher, as a filmmaker who explores big ideas, but in Badlands in particular he also shows a knack for off-kilter humor.	Terrence Malick's debut is a masterful slice of American cinema, rife with the visual poetry and measured performances that would characterize his work.
The tireless volley of ideas and inventions make this a delight that should connect with kids and adults in both dubbed and original-language versions.	Docter's English vocal cast make "Howl" possibly Miyazaki's funniest outing without diluting any of Miyazaki's artistry.	Speaking of enchantment, that's the ultimate thing missing from Howl's Moving Castle. That and soul.	Prepare to be dazzled: Hayao Miyazaki is back.	Meanders so listlessly that its details become less and less charming. Miyazaki's storytelling style resembles that of a breathless young tot who's fearlessly exercising his newfound powers of expression.	Exquisitely illustrated by master animator Miyazaki, Howl's Moving Castle will delight children with its fantastical story and touch the hearts and minds of older viewers as well.
Michael Keaton is superb in a role that he can surely relate to, and director Alejandro Gonzрlez Iырrritu crafts a film like nothing you've ever seen before.	It places regurgitated ideas into the mouths of gifted actors, then drops them amid a kooky story that plays like an elaborate distraction from what little the film actually has to say.	It's rare that a film can succeed on so many levels, but Birdman soars.	A cinematic masterpiece. This is brave, original and ingenious film-making.	In Birdman, ignorance goes viral.	A thrilling leap forward for director Alejandro Gonzрlez Iырrritu, Birdman is an ambitious technical showcase powered by a layered story and outstanding performances from Michael Keaton and Edward Norton.
Kid-friendly Capra classic stars a quirky family.	A family of misfits proves that you don't need money to be happy together.	You Can't Take It With You does reveal the liberation offered by non-alienating work and examines the matrices between class and gender, as few other films do.	Demonstrates Capra's skill at tweaking the heartstrings as well as the funny bone.	One of the most lovable characters in movies is Lionel Barrymore's Vanderhoff. He's a smart, carefree guy who magically changes people's lives and gives them hope!	It's predictably uplifting fare from Frank Capra, perhaps the most consciously uplifting of all great American directors -- but thanks to immensely appealing performances and a nimble script, You Can't Take It With You is hard not to love.
Ex-Python Gilliam is one of the great conjurers of cinema, and this film is proof of his ample and unpredictable talent.	More weird fun from Terry Gilliam	A smart and imaginative fantasy with appeal for the whole family is always cause for celebration...Time Bandits rivals Roald Dahl in its surrealism and satire. [Blu-ray]	For a kids film this is pleasingly dark with Gilliam delivering as much classical fairy tale as knockabout comedy.	From the moment a white horse leaps out of a boy's closet and into his bedroom, this Terry Gilliam fantasy has you hooked. Breathtakingly original and with a surprisingly touching cameo by Sean Connery.	Time Bandits is a remarkable time-travel fantasy from Terry Gilliam, who utilizes fantastic set design and homemade special effects to create a vivid, original universe.
Rush teeters on the edge of being a really good film, but despite some fantastic source material, it never fully seizes the opportunity.	Considering the subject matter, Rush delivers the expected visceral jolts; what's surprising is how endearing it is, even when its two protagonists are behaving like little more than boys with very fast toys.	It dips into the style, excitement and vibrancy of the sport and recreates the 70s atmosphere with a real sense of the period outside the crash barriers.	If you give 'Rush' the opportunity to take you for a spin, I think you'll be glad to go along for the ride. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	... An incisive character study cloaked in a thrilling, adrenaline-fueled sports picture.	A sleek, slick, well-oiled machine, Rush is a finely crafted sports drama with exhilarating race sequences and strong performances from Chris Hemsworth and Daniel Brühl.
It's a seedy profile of globalism and exploitation, but, by Inarritu's standards, not too bad.	Javier Bardem's performance in Biutiful is so arresting that it almost obscures the movie's many flaws. But not quite.	It would be impossible to list the Oscar-worthy performances of 2010 without highlighting Javier Bardem in Biutiful.	Javier Bardem cuts a tragic figure as a dying Barcelona lowlife who traffics in illegal immigrants and communes with the dead.	On its way to profundity, Inarritu's film ends up getting tangled in its own histrionics.	Javier Bardem's searing performance helps to elevate Biutiful, as does Alejandro Gonzαlez Iραrritu's craftsmanship, but the film often lapses into contrivance and grimness.
A richly absorbing and intensely painful drama with a tremendous, mostly female cast.	An intriguing mixture of the monumental and episodic...	Wajda's own father died in this tragedy, and there is a palpable feeling of personal liberation here as he finally gets to exorcise his demons.	With its mournful score, muted cinematography and restrained performances, this is a work of sober commemoration, though the climactic depiction of the mass killing is justifiably harrowing.	Katyn is a sobering experience, at times harrowing. It's also extraordinarily compassionate, even as Wajda vents his rage about what happened and the lies that followed.	Masterfully crafted by an experienced directorial hand, Katyn is a powerful, personal depiction of wartime tragedy.
Kim's wittiest effort to date, with a wordless performance by Jae Hee that recalls Keaton and Chaplin.	...something close to a fairy tale, without the pessimism or irony that pervades much of Kim's other work.	The oddly mystical, utterly material 3-Iron (Bin-jip) opens with a set of images and sounds almost too close to identify.	Kim creates an offbeat (and almost entirely wordless) romance between misfits and finds beauty and tranquility in this strange form of domestic bliss.	The attention Kim pays to the spirit world is obsessive and alluring, but his view of flesh-and-blood women and victimhood is still a problem.	A tender and moving romance from Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... And Spring's director Kim Ki-Duk.
Rickman's small moves, his lowered eyes, his slight grimaces, are often quite breathtaking.	Sense and Sensibility is funny, expansive, and a delight to spend company with.	Sense and Sensibility is an absorbing, delightful, and nuanced movie.	A heartfelt story, filled with rich characters and compelling events.	This is as lively as costume dramas get.	Sense and Sensibility is an uncommonly deft, very funny Jane Austen adaptation, marked by Emma Thompson's finely tuned performance.
Surprise to say, the film is actually, by turns, both scary and funny, although seldom at the same time.	Where "Godzilla" makes the head hurt, "Placid" splashes up a bit fun. A solid "B" movie.	While Lake Placid has some of the oddball wit found in Kelley creations such as Ally McBeal and Picket Fences, the movie feels remarkably undeveloped.	The funniest film of the summer!	Laughably stupid, only fitfully scary.	Faux horror schtick fails to elicit any laughs or scares.
Boring as it may have become for Meryl Streep to show up for awards ceremonies, count on her to be doing it again.	Music of the Heart is a story of the heart - one that gives a little reassurance about human nature.	You might be able to tell what direction the movie's headed in, but you'll never outguess Streep.	An inspiring crowd-pleaser.	Meryl Streep takes what could have been a one-dimensional character and elevates her above soap opera status and makes her interesting and appealing.	Meryl Streep's depiction of an ordinary person doing extraordinary things transcends, inspires, and entertains.
An amazing accomplishment. George Miller brings the same approach to this sequel as he did with the Mad Max trilogy: Don't re-make, re-invent. A work of genius.	Brilliant!	The new saga basks in imaginative charm!	This is the stuff of Dickens, told on the scale of Blade Runner and Brazil, with the madcap spirit of The Great Muppet Caper.	Universal should have left well enough alone, heeding the immortal closing words of Farmer Hoggett in the original.	Not quite as good as the original and has some dark subject material that might not be appropriate for children.
A keenly observed, typically high-quality family drama of the sort only the French seem capable of making anymore.	Supposedly a meditation on globalization and family ties, but to this reviewer it is much more of a French art movie version of Antique Roadshow.	Beautifully photographed by Eric Gautier who captures the joy of life's fleeting moments as if ready for one those new revolving image frames.	You won't find filmmaking more assured, commanding and evocative than that of Summer Hours in its opening scenes.	It's not sentimental. Yet it's devastating.	Olivier Assayas' contemplative family drama handles lofty ideas about art and culture with elegance and lightness.
If the M:I films are immune to the tarnish on the Cruise brand, it's precisely because their spectacle requires us to be impressed by Ethan Hunt, not to like him.	A passable - and forgettable - franchise entry.	Hits an action bull's-eye	Bird is an interesting choice for the franchise and, as it turns out, a pretty inspired one.	"Mission: Impossible -- Ghost Protocol" is a terrific thriller with action sequences that function as a kind of action poetry.	Stylish, fast-paced, and loaded with gripping set pieces, the fourth Mission: Impossible is big-budget popcorn entertainment that really works.
At this point in 2005, are you really going to complain about a well-made, well-acted, formulaic sports movie? Me neither.	The storytelling is fluid and gripping.	Sure, it's obvious and corny. But there's something lovable about this dated movie and its adorable characters. Basically, imagine if Seabiscuit didn't suck.	It is an amazing story brought to life by gifted people and it will make you feel good without making you feel guilty for doing so.	Crowe's touching portrayal is instrumental in recruiting the audience's sympathies from the get-go.	With grittiness and an evocative sense of time and place, Cinderella Man is a powerful underdog story. And Ron Howard and Russell Crowe prove to be a solid combination.
The magic of Paris and the mystique of an era gone-by are the stars of Midnight in Paris - Woody Allen's best film for years	One of Allen's most charming projects in years, despite all odds.	Just when Woody Allen seemed to have written and directed himself out, he comes up with his biggest hit.	A delightful piece of fantasy escapism that should entertain both art house crowd and mainstream viewers if they give Allen and the track record of his previous films a second chance. (Full Content Parental Review also available)	Allen will probably never rekindle the magic of his earlier movies, [but] he comes pretty close with Midnight in Paris.	It may not boast the depth of his classic films, but the sweetly sentimental Midnight in Paris is funny and charming enough to satisfy Woody Allen fans.
Sex, cinema and fate -- three of Pedro Almodovar's favorite subjects -- are lovingly examined in his Broken Embraces.	Continues the director's streak of reliably elegant, original works, making the case, once again, that there are few other European directors working today who can match his particular blend of thought-provoking, artful, yet wholly accessible cinema.	A self-reflective melodrama about filmmaking and revenge.	Una obra auto referencial que es, en definitiva, la menos inspirada en la etapa reciente de Almodóvar. Sigue siendo un director inquieto, en más de un sentido audaz e inconformista, pero esta vez no conmueve.	Almodóvar and Cruz fail to engage this time around.	Pedro Almodovar's fourth film with Penélope Cruz isn't his finest work, but he brings his signature visual brilliance to this noirish tale, and the cast turns in some first-class performances.
Any number of these performances may be remembered come awards season.	As in many reductive period pieces, there are no real characters here, just archetypes, namely reactionary cretins and sensitive souls who anticipate modern attitudes.	Not only superior to the novel that was its inspiration, it also may be the most surprising movie of the year, with more than a dozen indelible, distinctive characters...	a masterful emotional epic with equal parts crowd-pleasing joy and shattering, complex pain	There are moments when the film leans on traditional stereotypes, but what redeems it is the ability to expand those stereotypes into more complicated and layered portrayals.	Though arguably guilty of glossing over its racial themes, The Help rises on the strength of its cast -- particularly Viola Davis, whose performance is powerful enough to carry the film on its own.
A metaphorical training bra for ogling boys - along with second childhood Dirty Old Aged men - DOA gives new meaning to females hooking up and hanging out, when it comes to airborne upper body intimate wear and its gravity defying plastic contents alike	Ignore.	Let's hope some special form of punishment awaits the man or woman who came up with the idea of basing movies on video games.	If you only ever see one bad movie about warrior chicks who meet on a tropical isle for a fight contest, make it DOA: Dead or Alive.	You know what to expect with Paul WS Anderson onboard as producer.	With a ridiculous plot and comical acting, checking one's brain at the door is required before watching DOA: Dead or Alive.
As always, story and plastic character are in the service of comic strip parody.	The best of the Roger Moore Bond films has much to praise.	It may not be Fleming but it is terrific fun.	In a tremendous film that shows Moore's Bond still has the old razzle-dazzle, "Nobody Does It Better" isn't just a theme song. It's a forceful and fun statement of purpose, and "Spy" offers the franchise the definitive jolt it so sorely needed.	One of the better Moore outings.	Though it hints at the absurdity to come in later installments, The Spy Who Loved Me's sleek style, menacing villains, and sly wit make it the best of the Roger Moore era.
A tragic and overtly personal story about an ultra-sensitive artist of the 70s who finds his instincts push him beyond his comfort zone, and where guilt overtaxes his innate sense of decency.	Joy Division fans have already embraced Control, a film biography of short-lived lead singer Ian Curtis. Those of us who didn't follow the 1970s English band or the post-punk scene around it may feel less invested.	Control seems an honest tribute to a haggard ghost. It'll inspire many a young viewer looking for tips about the workings of self-torture and famous doom.	Corbijn's film serves as an undeniably powerful vehicle for newcomer Riley; his looks and his vocals are a dead ringer for Curtis', and the anguish he brings to bear on the last weeks of Curtis' life is frighteningly palpable.	Control is that rare greatest-hits package that makes you want to go back and explore a band's entire discography, and moreover, that razes the cliches and renders their history as new, fresh and interesting as when it originally happened.	Control is a work of art, thanks to its evocative black and white cinematography and sensational performances from Sam Riley and Samantha Morton. Even those not familiar with Joy Division can still appreciate the beauty of the film.
Despite the film's Bressonian rigours, its emotional force should finally give the lie to Haneke's reputation as a coldly academic film-maker.	Una maravilla de múltiples lecturas, y no todas triviales...	This is a brilliantly done art-house film, offering a detached view of immigration according to the way an outsider sees it.	Packed with provocative ideas and fragments of provocative ideas.	Haneke brings his usual dark sensibility to bear on the multifaceted story, expressing the fractured quality of modern city life through scenes that wander through a labyrinth of missing links and lost connections.	Though challengingly cryptic at times, Code Unknown still manages to resonate.
Exciting and filled with edge of your seat action that gripped me until the very ending.	The Last Stand, which contradicts its subtitle with the cheesiest sequel tag of the year, slumps as soon as it introduces its plot gimmick.	A full-fledged mutant jamboree, but one that blunts thematic and character development in favor of narrative expediency.	This is an enjoyable blockbuster and not the disaster that many feared.	A couple of mutants die in X-Men: The Last Stand but not nearly enough to save this boring mess.	X-Men: The Last Stand provides plenty of mutant action for fans of the franchise, even if it does so at the expense of its predecessors' deeper character moments.
Reboot brings youth, wisdom, and a politically open mind to the summer action flick	Comic-book lovers, fans of alternate history, and fantasy-prone moviegoers in general are all sure to find something to love about X-Men: First Class.	The X-Men franchise always had a lot on its mind compared to most of its superhero brethren.	Entertaining enough for a Saturday night, and much more satisfying than the last X-Men' offshoot, the woeful Wolverine.	A solid, sturdy comic book movie that combines X2's showmanship with the first X-Men's strong narrative throughline.	With a strong script, stylish direction, and powerful performances from its well-rounded cast, X-Men: First Class is a welcome return to form for the franchise.
Though Herzog's approach is chillingly fascinating, it makes this film less about an unusual life than about a bizarre death.	Uma das maiores obras-primas da carreira de um cineasta que vem conquistando, ao longo dos últimos 44 anos, um lugar mais do que merecido entre os ícones da Sétima Arte.	As revealing about Herzog as about his subject, the movie is brilliant, poetic, and utterly unique.	Perhaps in Treadwell, Herzog sees a reflection of the mad conquistador of 'Aguirre The Wrath of God.'	Remarkable beauty and wonder	Whatever opinion you come to have of the obsessive Treadwell, Herzog has once again found a fascinating subject.
The film becomes so dreary that it feels like a funeral.	Political dramas and soap operas don't have much in common, which makes this hybrid as surprising as it is entertaining.	Comes by its sweetness honestly. And while multinationalism is no guarantee of quality, this film is a true multinational affair.	Riklis uses her wedding day and various other family crises as a way of examining the larger problems that plague people living in the middle of the trouble.	(T)he triumphs still are affecting, the setting is compelling and some of the human moments amid the political circus and culture wars are downright moving.	A humane and empathic work, The Syrian Bride depicts the personal impact of politics upon individuals.
A stylish, witty, imaginative diversion.	The credits for Wild Wild West are mostly exemplary, and yet the screenplay is swill.	It's like an Artemus Gordon contrivance that won't quite work.	Wild Wild West is a farce that's occasionally funny, often in a rather laboured way, occasionally thrilling and more than occasionally puerile.	In the tradition of such unwatchable blockbusters as Armageddon, Con Air, and Godzilla comes Wild Wild West, yet another cinematic Spruce Goose that illustrates how bigger is rarely better.	Bombastic, manic, and largely laugh-free, Wild Wild West is a bizarre misfire in which greater care was lavished upon the special effects than on the script.
In crafting a film about the ways fear can manipulate -- are there really creatures of mass destruction in the woods? -- Shyamalan gives the film a metaphorical weight that goes deeper than goose bumps.	It's the lack of a genuine wizard behind the curtain that robs The Village of much of its suspense, but the movie has merits that go beyond goosebumps.	Maybe M. Night Shyamalan should forget this whole "plot twist" business altogether . . .	A supernatural thriller for adults.	Shyamalan remains ever the master of mood and of unseen, inchoate menace; he can give depth and gravity to scenes that in other hands would be either boring or ridiculous.	The Village is appropriately creepy, but Shyamalan's signature twist ending disappoints.
Lee and his fine ensemble of actors will soon enfold you in a journey of delightful twists and turns. And in the end, a family you'll long remember.	A richly textured comedy about the tensions across two generations of a Confucian family, Eat Drink Man Woman typifies the filial focus of Lee's early work	Superb interweaving of the motifs of food and the search for love	A wise and touching piece that matches movies like Babette's Feast and Like Water for Chocolate in its depiction of food as a source of spiritual nourishment.	The movie's main appeal -- beyond stomach yearnings caused by its cuisine -- comes from the actors, who infuse their archetypal roles with comedic appeal.	A richly layered look at the complex interactions between a widowed chef and his daughters, Ang Lee's generational comedy Eat Drink Man Woman offers filmgoers a tasty cinematic treat.
I was carried along, delighted with the sound and imagery, and happy to play Jarmusch's mind games. If cinema is like that for you -- sound and image first, story second -- then this film could pleasure you as well.	Christopher Doyle's fine cinematography can't compensate for a lack of narrative acuity.	While some will find Jarmusch's tale (if one can call the dialogue-poor film a tale) pretentious, others will adore its artistic sensibilities.	Jim Jarmusch disappears so thoroughly into his elliptical style that he's made an impossibly obtuse, arid film.	...a Zen gangster film, a mandala that scatters itself at the end. Its very quietude and uneventfulness force you into the moment every moment...	A minimalist exercise in not much of anything, The Limits of Control is a tedious viewing experience with little reward.
Desperately unamusing comedy that lurches clumsily from one tedious spoof to the next, under the mistaken impression that just referencing a film is enough to get laughs.	click to read review (though I have no idea why you'd want to)	Sucks like a black hole.	One of those throw-everything-at-the-screen-and-see-if-anything-sticks movies...In this case, nothing does...All terrible--puerile, vulgar and unfunny.	Friedberg and Seltzer's most staggering achievement is rendering "Epic Movie" free from laughs.	A crude comedy with nothing new or insightful to say about the subjects it satirizes.
It's ultimately let down by some heavy-handed sentimentality, an over-abundance of Bible-bashing and some dodgy CGI sequences.	Robb delivers an intensity and ferocity that would make Kobe Bryant quake in his sneakers, which makes up for a simple story and film.	In the end, the platitudes take over completely, but the inspirational story is still worth telling.	The sincere message -- perseverance is essential when faced with life's setbacks -- is a good one, but the movie is a bit of a chore to watch.	It's clear that Quaid learned nothing from Jaws 3.	There's an amazing true story at the heart of Soul Surfer -- and unfortunately, it's drowned by waves of Hollywood cheese.
An intellectual exercise, and an entertaining one, especially for those who don't want to label The Shining as just a ghost story.	Steadily, Room 237 becomes a rare kind of bird: a critical analysis that leans not on unquestionable authority but creative speculation.	Like any great puzzle, The Shining is a lot of fun to try and solve.	Some of the interpretations seem more of a stretch than others but all are entertainingly presented by director Rodney Ascher. (The movie) serves as a testament to Stanley Kubrick's cinematic mastery.	Room 237 is about bringing a text to life through an active, prolonged, playful, or even tortured relationship to it. It's a document of immersive obsession.	Mysterious and provocative, Room 237 is a fascinating journey into the world of obsessive cinephilles.
It's a sad and compelling piece that is totally convincing and doesn't require a knowledge of baseball.	The light shed on this dark period of sports history makes Eight Men Out essential moviegoing. But what makes it heartbreaking is watching the toll taken on champions betraying their talent on a field of honor.	Men Out plays like an American Gothic, sowing the seeds of wrath.	Perhaps the saddest chapter in the annals of professional American sports is recounted in absorbing fashion in Eight Men Out.	The ensemble performances are of such a uniformly high caliber that our interest in the story never wavers.	Perhaps less than absorbing for non-baseball fans, but nevertheless underpinned by strong performances from the cast and John Sayles' solid direction.
Some are touting this as the grown-up version of Superbad. Wrong. That earlier film was excellent. "Super bad," as applied to Step Brothers, is a super understatement.	No Step Brotherly love here...He [Farrell]gets not funnier with each succeeding movie.	One more step in the infantilization of American comedy....Its vulgarity is exceeded only by its stupidity, and it glorifies both.	Only occasionally funny and about three times as long as the material justifies, it's boring and just a little bit embarrassing to sit through.	Nudie magazines, dog poop, words like 'mangina' -- if these are a few of your favorite things, Step Brothers is the comedy for you.	The relentless immaturity of the humor is not a total handicap for this film, which features the consistently well-matched talents of Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly.
You'd be much better off watching any of the films that Date Movie parodies than you would be watching this one.	Like the worst blind date you ever had	This would-be spoof of romantic comedies falls prey to the misconception -- common in modern American humor -- that to make reference to something is the same thing as parodying it.	This is a deeply rubbish film.	Dudes, does a spoof count as a spoof if it's dumber and more obvious than the thing it's spoofing?	In an attempt to parody rom-com cliches, Date Movie ultimately makes a mockery of itself, with juvenile toilet humor and empty pop culture references.
Joel Hopkins should be given 20 lashes with a wet noodle for ripping off every prototypical moment in truly romantic films.	Sentimental poop.	Last Chance Harvey is nothing you haven't seen before. It's just done with older actors, a bit more poignancy, and a bit more class	Both are about one notch off in their impersonation of "ordinary" people - it reminded me of Streep and De Niro in Falling in Love. Nothing offensive about it, apart from its sense of London geography.	Parental Content Review	Last Chance Harvey is an above-average story that graduates to potent romantic drama based on the chemistry and charm of its top-notch performers.
Captures the uncertain feelings certain teens have in becoming young adults.	Mottola's made a movie that will work like a voodoo charm on a small-but-dedicated audience: onetime slackers who'll not only dig the soundtrack but, probably, be sure to get it on vinyl.	has just enough oddball gags and adolescent humor to fill a two-minute trailer, but its heart and soul are deeply invested in the slightly shaky, awkward, geek-chic moroseness of indie-art dramedy	Seems to be the first 'teen' comedy inspired by the recession, even if the downturn depicted here is the hard-times Reagan year of 1987...	The '80s-centric atmosphere means that viewers over a certain age will probably connect to the material to a greater extent than their younger counterparts. In fact, the nostalgia factor might be enough for some people to overlook Adventureland's flaws.	Full of humor and nostalgia, Adventureland is a sweet, insightful coming-of-age comedy that will resonate with teens and adults alike.
It's harmless enough for young kids, but director Todd Holland seems to have little interest in making anything but a generic, instantly forgettable family-friendly feature.	Had it been made shortly after 9/11, Firehouse Dog might have seemed like a shameless attempt to marry the country's reverence for the New York Fire Department with Air Bud.	Once it figures out it's more drama than comedy, Firehouse Dog does the job.	Despite a clunky start (and pedestrian filmmaking) the story has enough humour and heroics to amuse viewers of any age.	I myself growled and whimpered like an abused canine after a couple of hours of this sub-Lassie silliness, though the film threw me the occasional choc-drop in the form of a gag.	Firehouse Dog's cute premise is ruined with endless fart and poop jokes, and an overlong run time.
Black... makes the formerly fast and furious Paul Walker look like Kenneth Branagh...	It's a bad movie because it manages to take these tried-and-true elements -- hunky rebels, hot-chicks and fast cars -- and make them boring.	I found myself responding to its fenderheaded foolishness... and I suspect that those of you with a healthy taste for the absurd may find themselves reacting in the same way.	The kind of movie in which plot and performances (and members of the fairer sex) are treated as accessories, Tokyo Drift is all about the action. And on that count, it won't let you down.	This is true summer popcorn at its best.	Eye-popping driving sequences coupled with a limp story and flat performances make this Drift an adequate follow-up to the previous Fast and Furious installments. Strictly for the racing crowd and fans of the first two films.
Perry gets points for persistence, yes, and for ambition. But that's not enuf.	Perry benefits from the fire, heft, velocity, and lyricism of the language, but he also updates the material and makes it work onscreen, eliciting powerhouse performances from an ensemble of actresses.	Shows a mastery of tone, a capacity to elicit strong performances and also to bring out different colors within those performances so that, when it all comes together, it's not the same note sounding over and over. This is smart, lovely work.	Fans of the original may be dismayed by his often-awkward adaptation, which turns too many of Shange's survivors into victims. But it's equally likely that his blunt, emotional approach -- using her words to create his own melodrama -- will connect ...	A slice-of-life soap opera on what it's like to be a black woman in America.	Tyler Perry has assembled a fine cast for this adaptation of the 1975 play, and his heart is obviously in the right place, but his fondness for melodrama cheapens a meaningful story.
A movie for kids of all ages, with enough pace and effects to amuse the youngsters and humour plus message to engage adults.	The film has nowhere to go except to give us a predictable initial confrontation between Guttenberg and Sheedy over military weapons.	Stars funny, sympathetic robot.	#5 is alive...and horny	Ideal for kids.	Amiable and good-natured but also shallow and predictable, Short Circuit is hardly as deep or emotionally resonant as E.T. -- though Johnny Five makes for a charming robot protagonist.
The film deserves some points for being sickening and over the top.	[M]ight as well be compiled from Nazi footage of human medical experiments, for all its casualness...	the titular premise that scuttles all over the narrative brings with it a grotesque and sickening novelty to all the otherwise familiar, indeed pre-digested tropes.	Six's direction is sleek and understated, quietly building suspense even if the film is never really scary. It is, however, stomach-churning	However rank the idea might be, the execution'll barely make you flinch.	Grotesque, visceral and hard to (ahem) swallow, this surgical horror doesn't quite earn its stripes because the gross-outs overwhelm and devalue everything else.
The world of Amelie has no politics. It has no issues. It only has an exaggerated sense of quirkiness and a pea-green tint that suggests an overblown sense of nostalgia for childhood.	It's the kind of motion picture that's both intelligent and immensely likable -- just like the main character.	Almost all the characters are lovable or eccentric or lovably eccentric; the story is sweet and tart in proper proportion; the visual palette is as bright as a candy store and the heroine is utterly irresistible.	From the outlandishly stylish imagination of Jeunet and Laurant (City of Lost Children) comes a simple, warm, deeply wacky Parisian romance.	In his solo effort, Jeunet puts aside the darkly humorous sensibility of his previous films (Delicatessen, co-directed with Caro)in the service of a sweet but toothless (and sexless) romantic comedy that's bound to make lead Audrey Tautou a star.	The feel-good Amelie is a lively, fanciful charmer, showcasing Audrey Tautou as its delightful heroine.
Ferrell turns the sophistication way down to a sub-Adam Sandler level to make a dumb is as dumb does satire of the NASCAR circuit. Well, it's an attempt at satire, anyway.	What this film does well -- and/or perversely, which means about the same thing in this context -- is to target everyone.	So many gleeful, wantonly absurd moments, more than enough to make it one of the best comedies of the summer.	Simultaneously teasing and loving a subject doesn't make for easy comedy, but writer-star Will Ferrell and director/co-writer Adam McKay pull it off with good-ol'-boy good nature in Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.	Talladega Nights is the summer comedy winner that clocks more laughs per minute than any other!	Though it occasionally stalls, Talladega Nights' mix of satire, clever gags, and excellent ensemble performances put it squarely in the winner's circle.
As an innovative feat of daring vision and logistics, it's a marvelous success. But in terms of traditional cinematic values, it's a sadly disappointing failure.	There's a lot to see in Timecode. Unfortunately, there's not a lot that's interesting.	An audaciously unique and exciting film.	Turns out to be more ambitious than it is satisfying.	Figgis has devised a genuinely novel way to shoot and experience a feature-length film.	Not much of a story, but the execution is interesting.
Full of well-observed supporting riffs, Crash might've accumulated more frisson had it cast a clearer eye on how social tension actually plays.	Haggis is undoubtedly skilled at setting up effective melodramatic vignettes, even if they are hopelessly inorganic.	... One of the best and most important films of 2005.	As events (both kind and cruel) unfold, even the most seasoned movie-goer will find something here to surprise -- and shock.	An ambitious and often wonderful movie, an expansive look at urban life -- the fractious, noisy whole of it -- filled with witty, biting and insightful writing.	A raw and unsettling morality piece on modern angst and urban disconnect, Crash examines the dangers of bigotry and xenophobia in the lives of interconnected Angelenos.
Never seems quite the film this aggregation of talent suggests it should have been.	A gripping political drama in which loyalty, principles and integrity tumble like a house of cards when betrayals alter perceptions	The cast of George Clooney's political thriller "The Ides of March" is so good, you could probably enjoy watching this movie with the sound off.	Even if Clooney's film is short on solutions, it's still a ticket that everybody, regardless of their political stripes, should be able to support.	A well-done film, respectable and serious. The actors acquit themselves with zest and skill. Unfortunately, The Ides of March just has all the freshness of a outdated stump speech.	While not exactly exposing revelatory truths, The Ides of March is supremely well-acted drama that moves at a measured, confident clip.
The depiction of the rocket launch remains one of the most exhilarating sequences ever captured on film; so realistic that NASA wondered where the filmmakers got the footage.	Ron Howard's pop-entertainment you-are-there space thriller is easily the most rousing film of the year. And it might make real spaceflight just as nifty as Star Wars for youngsters.	A definite feel-good movie.	This film is a paean to the power of perseverance to solve even the most impossible problems. This one is well worth braving the crowds to see.	If you don't remember the gripping events of April 1970 before seeing this film, you likely will remember them for a long time afterward.	In recreating the troubled space mission, Apollo 13 pulls no punches: it's a masterfully told drama from director Ron Howard, bolstered by an ensemble of solid performances.
The capable cast is stuck in a movie that's rated PG-13, with flabby, middle-age pacing.	Vaughn, Favreau and company phone it in - all the way from Bora Bora - in this lame relationship comedy.	If you feel like a date movie with a little romance, big laughs, witty dialogue, appealing characters and a spectacular location, this is not it... [an] embarrassment and an insult to audiences who might be conned into thinking it's escapist fun.	Has no redeeming qualities whatsoever, and makes extra effort to insult its audience whenever possible.	Earnest, not particularly funny, and ultimately unforgivably sentimental. Somewhere along the way someone forgot humour.	Despite a talented cast and some reliably pleasant interplay between Jon Favreau and Vince Vaughn, Couples Retreat leaves viewers stranded in an arid, mirthless comedy.
If your own basic instinct is to avoid this movie, then you probably should go with that.	She's the Freddy Krueger of this two-film franchise. The fact that a middle-aged woman serves this function, and that the money shot is not some hideous-prosthetic-face reveal but a look at Stone's flawless breasts in a Jacuzzi, makes a tired point: in 20	Stone's performance is so deliriously over the top that it turns almost every line she speaks into high camp.	Sadly, nothing following lives up to the prurient promise of this sequence, as the film becomes a monotonously talky, gloomy affair.	It doesn't know whether it wants to be a Skin-e-max soft core porno or an episode of a primetime cop drama. It's unfulfilling as neither and ends up as an awful hybrid: we'll call it CSI: Cleavageville. I take that back: CSI: Faux Cleavageville.	Unable to match the suspense and titilation of its predecessor, Basic Instinct 2 boasts a plot so ludicrous and predictable it borders on "so-bad-it's-good."
Even if you are not an aficionado of motor racing this very good documentary is the story of high drama and the young star at the centre of it.	Kapadia is working with an embarrassment of riches, but to his credit he selects wisely, and has the good sense to keep the talking heads off the screen.	"Senna" is a documentary that does the job it sets out to do. I wish it had tried for more.	The movie's assemblage of audio interviews poured mostly over astounding race footage is fit for a shrine.	Kapadia has made Senna, perhaps predictably, into a hagiography	Even for filmgoers who aren't racing fans, Senna offers heart-pounding thrills -- and heartbreaking emotion.
Cuteness galore, terrific aerial shots, and a healthy dose of environmental awareness.	Anna Paquin proves again what an expressive, soulful actress she is, and Daniels' madcap dad is a winning study in hippy ingenuity and indefatigability.	The predictability of all this might be more palatable if the characters were better developed or more appealing.	A great adventure made all the more enjoyable because it is based on a true story.	Beautiful looking and well acted, but lacking in the kind of tension that marks a well-told tale.	Well-acted and beautifully filmed, Fly Away Home offers heartwarming entertainment for moviegoers of all ages.
At center is the first big, juicy mythic-hero part Gibson has had since Mad Max.	Admittedly, it pretty cool to see Martin Riggs burst through the door the second the bad guy says "There's no more heroes left in the world" despite having just received brutal electric shock torture that will leave you cringing with shooting discomfort.	As action-adventure, it's pointlessly puerile, a movie where the heroes are so childish they try to one-up each other with fancy shots at the pistol range.	Mismatched cops spar in violent '80s action hit.	The buddy-cop movie that set the standard for all to come.	The most successful installment in a phenomenally successful series, Lethal Weapon helped redefine action movies for the 1980s and 1990s.
Fincher's worthy and equally dark follow-up to Seven.	The rocky blur between reality and fantasy aspires to be a Hitchcockian After Hours, but at two hours plus, The Game gets played out early on.	The Game is one of those films that requires the viewer to suspend his disbelief to a great extent, but offers pretty good entertainment in return for that effort.	Douglas is the right actor for the role. He can play smart, he can play cold, and he can play angry. He is also subtle enough that he never arrives at an emotional plateau before the film does, and never overplays the process of his inner change.	Entertaining and bold, The Game scores high in the tall tales for grown ups stakes.	The ending could use a little work but this is otherwise another sterling example of David Fincher's iron grip on atmosphere and storytelling.
A high-budget spectacle of garish overkill.	It's junk, too, and while maybe it's not as much fun as the original, neither does it disgrace its parent.	É impressionante que 13 Fantasmas tenha sido montado por tręs editores, já que a trama (na falta de um termo melhor) flui de maneira absolutamente caótica.	The original was pretty crappy. The remake is not an improvement.	At least his (Castle's) old films could be viewed as pure, innocent camp. Thir13en Ghosts can hardly be viewed at all.	The production design is first rate, but 13 Ghosts is distinctly lacking in scares.
Bret Easton Ellis's novel is fairly faithfully into a portrait of strung out teenage yuppies in LA during the late 80s.	Loosely based on the novel by Bret Easton Ellis, Less Than Zero refuses to take the risks necessary to capture the keen social observation of the book.	Jami Gertz was, is, and ever shall be one of the most egregious actresses in the history of film.	The anti-teen film that really kicks ass	Has style to spare, but none of the novel's shock value	A couple of standout performances -- notably Robert Downey, Jr. and James Spader -- and a killer soundtrack can't quite elevate a somewhat superficial adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis' story of drugged-out LA rich kids.
The film seems content to rely on the formula that could (small sigh) extend for a few more sequels.	[Chan's] action choreography is toned down and lacks its usual comic flair.	Tucker and Chan work the material as best they can (under the circumstances of no story) but it's a laborious feat.	A sloppily constructed, frantically humorless retread.	It's not as funny as the original, not as fresh or urgent.	Rush Hour 2 doesn't feel as fresh or funny as the first, and the stunts lack some of the intricacy normally seen in Chan's films.
It is bare, and bold, and necessary.	What an electric cast!	SINiestra, pero SINsacional	Pure entertainment with insanely cool visuals, Sin City is the most faithful comic adaptation of all time.	Miller's many fans are likely to hail this as a masterpiece. Rarely has an artist in one medium been so loyally served by another.	Visually groundbreaking and terrifically violent, Sin City brings the dark world of Frank Miller's graphic novel to vivid life.
Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of "The Longest Yard" playbook like a checklist.	Mean Machine never finds a groove.	No movement, no yuks, not much of anything.	Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line.	It's still a hoot, sports cliches, prison movie cliches and all.	Despite some genuine wit, this crowd pleaser is filled with too many cliches.
Spurlock's folksy affability creates the sensation that he's truly going on a journey, that he doesn't necessarily know all the answers to the questions he's posing, and he'd like nothing more for us than to go along for the ride.	Engaging as Spurlock can be, too much of the movie is just scene after scene of him meeting with high-priced consultants to talk about "brand identity" and other euphemisms for shallow sloganeering.	It's simply hilarious.	What would "The Greatest Movie Ever Sold" be with a different narrator-guide? It is hard to imagine. Mr. Spurlock has the gift of gab along with an undeniable star quality.	Few could pull off this fan dance as well as Spurlock, who manages to be both the laughing and crying clowns at the same time.	The Greatest Movie Ever Sold plays smartly to Spurlock's strengths, and the result is a breezy, albeit not particularly enlightening documentary.
... John Tucker Must Die is clever enough to avoid the places you expect it to end up, occasionally racy without being trashy, inventive in its torture.	Designed as an ultimate revenge fantasy "John Tucker Must Die" is a moderately funny teen comedy with a few flashes of bawdy humor.	Can't make up its mind whether to be Mean Girls or Sixteen Candles, opting instead for a mixture of the two that doesn't really gel.	Don't die, just go away. ... Where's John Hughes when we need him?	Idiotic, unimaginative, lazy and tedious to boot, John Tucker Must Die should be more of a wishful command than a simple-minded title to a klutzy comedy.	This derivitive teen comedy tries to go for cute when it could use more bite.
Hannibal Rising is a bloody good time!	The Weinstein Company went out of their way to make sure I didn't see a press screening of Hannibal Rising this week. Now I understand why.	I can't name an actor who could have made young Lecter as interesting as the older one, but Ulliel does not come close.	The film naturally has its share of gruesome moments, but it's also surprisingly dull and uninvolving.	Viewers deserve more, as does the legacy of the now laughably ridiculous Lecter.	Hannibal Rising reduces the horror icon to a collection of dime-store psychological traits.
Wickedly funny, deeply disturbing.	Recommended for people who enjoyed Freeway and Freeway 2.	What sustains attention is the director's unique touch.	It's no surprise that Jan Svankmajer's Little Otik is dark, strange stuff.	Heavy-handed delivery notwithstanding, this thing will be matched by little in terms of sheer imagination and social resonance.	Though rather overlong, Little Otik is a whimsical, bizarre treat.
I've never quite seen a movie like Wonder Boys. It is sometimes self-deprecating, often nostalgic and optimistic, but always slightly mysterious.	...a movie of small pleasures and gentle comedy. One has to be careful not to overpraise it.	Funny and touching.	With vivid characters, an ironic voice-over narrative, and a solidly written screenplay, Wonder Boys provides its share of small pleasures...	I don't think I've ever seen another American comedy that mixed rue and slapstick and sentiment in quite this way.	Michael Douglas and Tobey Maguire do wonders in this clever dark comedy.
Instead of focusing on re-creating historical moments, Bellocchio invents one truly stunning image after another to fill in the blanks around the historical moments.	He creates an intimate mood while alluding to the general feel of the highly chronicled era without going too far over the top or reconstructing elaborate sets.	Gripping melodrama with a courageous woman at the center is all the more fascinating because it's true.	Vincere is a gripping presentation of a little-known true story and its historical lessons.	A full-blooded melodrama pitched at the level of grand opera.	Part political treatise, part melodrama, Marco Bellocchio's Mussolini biopic forsakes historical details in favor of absorbing emotion -- and provides a showcase for a stunning performance from Giovanna Mezzogiorno.
It's funny how Scott's trademark blurry quick-cutting - once considered so cutting edge - feels so dated now.	Travolta is terrific in this sharper, wittier, thoroughly contemporary revisit to the New York subway train derailed by a intelligent but psychotic criminal.	Director Tony Scott has built a career out of crafting films that have been unabashedly geared toward the testosterone set. It's hard not to admire the R-rated gusto with which Scott has infused this film. It's actually refreshing, in this sanitized, hope	The stage is set for a cat and mouse duel that only becomes increasingly conventional before a finale that just isn't a patch on the clever and inspired ending of the original.	A solidly crafted suspense thriller set on a subway train proves the perfect vehicle for two stars at the top of their game.	Despite a strong cast, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 suffers under the excesses of Tony Scott's frantic direction, and fails to measure up to the 1974 original.
Vintage Nicholson and Keaton, like fine wines, improve with age.	Keaton has been handed the role of a lifetime, a Ferrari among Edsels, and she floors that baby from start to finish.	A movie that lets an ageing actress dominate the screen, and what a pleasure it is to watch a star reborn, at any age.	This is Keaton's best performance since Annie Hall, very smart, wickedly wise, and extremely funny.	We're supposed to see some sort of love blossom, but all we get is a one night stand	Though it occasionally stumbles into sitcom territory, Something's Gotta Give is mostly a smart, funny romantic comedy, with sharp performances from Jack Nicholson, Diane Keaton, and Keanu Reeves.
We know the story ends badly but Cameron still sweeps us up in the romance between Kate Winslet's rebellious posh girl and DiCaprio's steerage kid.	I found the length tedious, some of the dialogue eye-rolling and some of the digital effects lacking (the digital ship's digital wake seemed puny) when "Titanic" first came out. But those quibbles fade with time.	The melodramatic love story is the perfect foreground for the sinking of the largest passenger ship in history.	Titanic evidences the secret of his longtime success, a talent more impressive even than Cameron's technical prowess: his ability to find stories that tap into greater truths and deeper feelings.	Titanic is big, bold, touchingly uncynical filmmaking.	A mostly unqualified triumph for James Cameron, who offers a dizzying blend of spectacular visuals and old-fashioned melodrama.
Begin Again doesn't quite have the same magic of Once, but it's a sweet and cuddly crowd-pleaser highlighted by a pair of great performances and some catchy tunes.	The first great American film this year that can't be turned into a video game. It deserves to become a sleeper hit, and has a well-balanced blend of commercial and art-house qualities.	Knightley (supplying her own vocals, more than just competently so, by the way) and Ruffalo have a casual chemistry that works, and Levine is (perhaps unsurprisingly) totally right as a self-absorbed jerk.	In its best moments - which are not infrequent - is appealing mostly on the backs of watching interesting, capable people going on with their business in an engaged, focused manner.	Another nice musical spin by Carney on the conventions of quasi-romantic dramedy.	Writer-director John Carney's return to musical drama isn't quite as potent as it was with Once, but thanks to charming work from its well-matched leads, Begin Again is difficult to resist.
As a viewer, I feel privileged to be able to peer into their private lives perchance to learn something useful about my private life.	What 49 Up shows is how the past is forever changing in its significance, its context. The more you watch, the more you are committing yourself to watching 56 Up and beyond.	49 Up marks the latest chapter in one of the most ambitious documentary projects in movie history. Make that the history of any medium, for how often do we get to witness a time-lapse study of human life?	The wonder of 49 Up is its unfolding, within a little more than two hours, of so many specific lives...	Essential viewing	The latest installment in this remarkable series, 49 Up is a satisfying continuation of Michael Apted's singular sociological and cinematic experiment.
Kinda like When Harry Met Sally, just with less friendship, more sex and not much of a story.	The on-screen lovers in questionand the actors portraying themhave a heck of a lot of chemistry, not only with each other but with an ensemble of sparklingly written and well-cast supporting players.	Nearly all the performers here seem to be having a good time, and their easy-going congeniality keeps the movie putting along, even through some extremely rough patches.	The film's first half is best, largely because the conceit that keeps the lovers from the inevitable happy ending is much too flimsy to go the distance.	It's not a great film but it's quite enjoyable.	It benefits from the presence of Natalie Portman and director Ivan Reitman's steady hand, but No Strings Attached doesn't have the courage or conviction to follow through on its ribald premise.
Interesting modernization of Shakespeare, before Baz Luhrmann's Romeo and Juliet.	A great concept-- and McKellen still rules Shakes works!	Combines a shrewd understanding of Shakespeare with a healthy, low-brow approach to cinema.	As played by McKellen, Richard is a consummate actor who knows what role to assume, what props to use, and what words and actions to employ to turn a "scene" to his best advantage.	McKellen's enormous performance as Richard represents the film's biggest tinkering with theatrical canon.	This re-imagining of Shakespeare's Crookback King relocates the story in 1930 and features an indelible star turn for Ian McKellen as the monstrous and magnetic King Richard.
On final assessment, "The Twilight Saga" has been one pop-cultural fad difficult to figure out the appeal of, but one thing is for sure: all involved saved the best for last.	The changes make for a visceral, satisfying climax. After the ups and downs of previous "Twilight" films, it's good to have the series quit while it's ahead.	If you removed the endless soulful gazes, this whole series could've been delivered as a two-night SyFy Channel exclusive and wrapped up before the next airing of Sharktopus.	Unequivocally the worst of the lot ... The final instalment of a five-film franchise has all the emotional weight and impact of an episode of Entourage.	And so it ends -- better than it started, but still a few brain cells shy of lucid thought.	It's the most entertaining Twilight, but that's not enough to make Breaking Dawn Part 2 worth watching for filmgoers who don't already count themselves among the franchise converts.
Charlie's Angels written as a teen comedy and re-enacted by Barbie dolls.	Those who are hoodwinked into leaving home for such deliberate mediocrity may get a sense that the movie's biggest joke is at their expense.	The most endearing aspect of D.E.B.S., a sweet-spirited spoof, is that the lesbian romance is played for real, with no nudge-nudge wink-wink irony.	It's smarter than it has to be yet makes virtually no effort to take itself seriously.	A prime example of a dispiriting trend: movies whose primary point of reference is other movies.	Lacking enough material for a full-length movie, D.E.B.S. is short on both plot and laughs.
A production that is as sexually charged as it is beautifully designed.	Loving, nostalgic caricature of old film styles and genres while adding ... humorous wit and a touch of surrealism.	A master conservationist and expert image-maker, Madden reimagines Bram Stoker's classic text as a feverish vision of Christian angst and cultural invasion.	Maddin turns an old, dusty classic into something grippingly new.	By the end, you'll wonder why all films aren't made this way.	Guy Maddin's film is a richly sensuous and dreamy interpretation of Dracula that reinvigorates the genre.
The gags, and the script, are a mixed bag.	One of the smartest idiotic teen comedies you'll ever see.	Worth at least a matinee.	The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip. The end result is a film that's neither.	Strictly a vanity vehicle with a mess of star babies on board.	Smarter than the average teen movie, but a little on the unmemorable side.
Whereas Pitch Black served up witty, elegant suspense, the new one is dull, blunt gun-and-run.	All the stunning visuals in the world can't raise Chronicles above the level of a ridiculous Rambo-in-space flick.	An enjoyably pulpy sci-fi saga that has rough patches.	Diesel makes a fine action star, and some of the fight scenes are cool, but resistance is recommended.	Aside from a sticky clunky beginning, in which the audience must be taught the rules of this sci-fi adventure, the film shows great discipline in pace and intensity.	As an action movie, Riddick offers some thrills, but as a sequel to Pitch Black, it's a disappointment.
Rapp plays out the relationships between these superficially drawn characters in an entirely pat manner, yet Deschanel manages to make Winter Passing almost matter. That's real talent.	And therein lies the chief problem with Winter Passing: there's very little nuance to -- any of the characters in Rapp's meandering narrative, which the first-time director wraps up on an emotionally pat note that doesn't feel earned.	The overall impression is one of: "so what"?	If you're looking for something a bit more lighthearted, head elsewhere. But that doesn't mean we're going to give a bad Rapp to this dark and complex tale.	[Zooey] Deschanel carries the heavy and sometimes uneven Winter Passing, which possesses not only a love of language but a moving adoration for the language of love.	This dour coming-of-age story has nothing to distinguish it from similarly themed indie fare.
entertaining enough to get the job done	A fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy.	Not a movie to contemplate afterwards over a cafe latte, but it's fun, as far as it goes.	More a load of enjoyable, Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing, special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent.	The Scorpion King benefits greatly from the Rock's presence, making it passable entertainment -- although just barely.	Action adventure doesn't get much cheesier than The Scorpion King.
A clever alternative to high action and special effect flicks.	The film develops enough successful elements to satisfy most film fans.	If anything saves this movie, it's the acting.	If it wasn't for the extraordinary acting by Rush, Curtis, and especially Brosnan, it wouldn't have been as nearly as entertaining.	In the midst of that fascinating, sad setting, Panama gives us great characters.	The Tailor of Panama is a smart, darkly satirical thriller with exuberant performances from Pierce Brosnan and Geoffrey Rush.
Robards' senile paterfamilias is, regrettably, a grave embarrassment.	Enter A Thousand Acres at your own risk.	The film substitutes prejudices for ideas, formula feminism for character studies, and a signposted plot for a well-told story.	If nothing else, the film deserves credit for bringing together actresses Jessica Lange and Michelle Pfeiffer.	Fans of Jane Smiley's enthralling Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, A Thousand Acres, will find the movie version disappointing.	A Thousand Acres makes disappointingly sudsy stuff out of the source material, but benefits from solid performances by a strong cast.
Godzilla has never looked as good as in Honda's original conception, and few sci-fi creatures have equaled the size or impact of its first footsteps.	For today's moviegoing audiences, this may not be your daddy's Godzilla movie, but chances are your granddaddy could teach you a thing or two about the context.	On its fiftieth anniversary, Rialto Pictures rereleases the original, uncut Japanese version of "Gojira" and film geeks everywhere should rejoice.	It wasn't until I revisited the first film in the series, which premiered in Japan on Nov. 3, 1954, that I realized how powerful a political statement it makes.	This is a film with some very nice visual imagery and it has become a favorite.	More than straight monster-movie fare, Gojira offers potent, sobering postwar commentary.
Unfortunately, schmaltz seems to be the main ingredient in this particular kettle of fish.	I am of the depressing opinion that Williams is growing less assured as an actor in his 'serious' roles with every passing year.	Williams is seriously miscast, and his presence in the movie damages its credibility and effectiveness.	A well-made film with first-rate performances!	Jakob the Liar plays like a Robin Williams concentration-camp comedy that was intended to cash in on the success of Roberto Benigni's Life Is Beautiful.	Any real story is buried by awkward performances and contrived situations.
This crowd-pleasing character study might feel more like a confection than a satisfying meal, but there's no denying its lighthearted pleasures.	This is a film that tells us absolutely nothing new about the problems that face us and is shamelessly hedonistic about the obsession with preparing gourmet food of the protagonist, Martha Klein. But it is still delightful.	Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions, one part romance novel, one part recipe book.	The gorgeous food preparation scenes would be enough to separate Martha from other films of this ilk, but Nettlebeck is also blessed with a score of great performances.	A tasty but unfilling appetizer.	Mostly Martha may have a predictable plot, but it still feels charming and fresh, and the food will make you hungry.
Es indudable la capacidad del director por intentar, a través de la cámara, lo mismo que intentaron aquellos hombres y mujeres del Paleolítico unos 30.000 ańos atrás: comunicarse, expresar sentimientos y emociones, crear belleza.	Another lovely stanza in the epic poem of humanity that Herzog has been writing for half a century.	Is any filmmaker more comfortable moving between the didactic and the lyrical, between quotidian facts and profound speculation?	With his deadpan delivery, heavy German accent and even heavier Germanic existentialism, Herzog has become one of the most welcome, preposterous and even funny figures in current cinema.	Spectacular and absorbing,coinciding with the publication of Jean Auel's "The Land of Painted Caves."	Hauntingly filmed and brimming with Herzog's infectious enthusiasm, Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a fascinating triumph.
Inspired filmmaking steeped in the imagery of silent film history, a dark Iberian strain of Roman Catholicism and the magic of fairy tales.	We're not in Disney's world. Berger knows his Grimm, and he suffuses his entrancing fairy tale with a moving sense of melancholy.	Pablo Berger's brainchild is truly enchanting.	Blancanieves' plot is gimmicky, but Berger mainly uses it as a line on which to hang one craftily shot and cut setpiece after another ...	An absolute delight: a thrillingly unpredictable romp that entertains with joyful and mischievous abandon.	Smartly written and beautiful to behold, Blancanieves uses its classic source material to offer a dark tale, delightfully told.
A lukewarm thriller without the depth, impact or meaning one expects from an Oscar contender.	An entertaining addition to the recent wave of retro spy films.	A provocative, engaging tale utilising clever use of extended flashback and showcasing an intriguing twist.	Solemnly tony Oscar bait.	An intelligent, well-crafted, and grown-up espionage thriller.	Its time-shifting narrative creates distracting casting problems, but ultimately, The Debt is a smart, well-acted entry in a genre that could use more like it.
I swear, my handkerchief was only out because I've been fighting a cold the past few days.	A disarmingly enjoyable, wholehearted comic vision of the happy messiness of family life.	There is something wildly odd about a film that measures human happiness with the whims of a dog.	The book, like the movie it inspired, is a sweet, surprisingly moving chronicle of a young couple's struggle to simultaneously build a family, advance their careers and maintain their sanity.	It has some funny moments, a lot of tears and way too much dead time in between.	Pet owners should love it, but Marley and Me is only sporadically successful in wringing drama and laughs from its scenario.
Actresses beware. Catherine Keener is quietly cornering the market on self-assured, sharp-tongued feminism.	Seldom do movies create focus through spontaneity, but Lovely & Amazing feeds on surprise	This humorous probe into the lives of four members of an unusual family hits all the right body spots.	A film that is painfully, amusingly honest.	Wow! What a phenomenal film. The cast delivers a subtle, yet mesmerizing, look at the complexities of everyday living and today's family units.	The bitingly truthful Lovely & Amazing is a smart and perceptive female character study.
Intelligent, probing portrait of the man who stuck a needed thumb into the eye of a narrow-minded public.	A moving and often very funny look at an unlikely revolutionary.	Writer-director Bill Condon has come up with a nifty ironic conception of Alfred Kinsey, his sex-researcher hero.	Does it openly moralize for greater sexual freedom? Surely not, but indirectly it may encourage more folks to examine their own beliefs.	The biopic succumbs to a paint-by-numbers feel as it dutifully touches the highs and lows of a life that can't easily fit within two hours.	A biopic of the sex researcher is hailed as adventurous, clever, and subversive, with fine performances by Liam Neeson and Laura Linney.
Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome. The story, characters and writing... not so much.	Butler is perfect as a piece of barbequed beef, Kyra Sedgwick plays a sexy talk-show host and there are small roles for John Leguizamo and Chris "Ludacris" Bridges.	A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out	The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.	Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.	With all of the hyperkinetic action and none of the flair of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor's earlier work, Gamer has little replay value.
Refreshingly for children (but especially for adults), there are no lessons to learn and no faults to admonish. Instead, it's an 84-minute, dialogue-free distillation of all the innocent fun we wish childhood could be.	Visually appealing and animal friendly, Shaun the Sheep celebrates summer - a break in the routine, loving it on the lam.	"Shaun the Sheep Movie" delivers exactly what it promises: The cutest, most innocuous entertainment this side of Internet panda videos.	Anyone who doesn't have a grand time watching 'Shaun the Sheep Movie' is suffering from a fractured funny bone that needs to be reset.	What's ultimately endearing about Shaun the Sheep Movie is its message of loyalty and devotion. The resourcefulness and tenacity with which Shaun searches for the man he once took for granted is genuinely touching.	Warm, funny, and brilliantly animated, Shaun the Sheep is yet another stop-motion jewel in Aardman's family-friendly crown.
With the exception of 1988's lacerating Talk Radio, U Turn might be the most forgotten film in Oliver Stone's canon -- a shame, since it offers sinful pleasures for those willing to take the ride.	U-Turn becomes a showcase for the filmmaker's terrific arsenal of visual mannerisms and free-association imagery.	A fun movie.	All great artists have misguided moments.	Bizarre, somewhat baffling, but nonetheless intriguing and warped entertainment for anyone brave enough to tackle it.	U-Turn is a lurid, stylish lark that boasts striking moments but lacks the focus and weight of Oliver Stone best work.
With elements of road movie, thriller and comedy as well as other genres, Tracks possesses a freewheeling appeal.	Red herrings abound and audience frustration sets in. It's a pity because the film looks good and the Gilbert Becaud songs on the soundtrack are easy on the ear.	Roman de Gare is the rare trick film in which all the tricks reveal something amusing, involving or poignant about its characters.	...delightful and intriguing...	The problem with Roman de Gare is that the tale grabs you more than the telling.	Claude Lelouch has crafted an engaging thriller about murder and romance with plenty of stylistic panache.
Mais uma vez, Luc Besson (que aqui exerce as funушes de produtor e roteirista) ignora a narrativa em prol da aусo inconseqЧente (e inзcua, jр que ninguжm sequer sangra). O que aconteceu ao responsрvel pelo зtimo O Profissional?	The non-stop mayhem becomes tedious after a while.	This gang mastermind, gym body Italian import psycho neck wringer Gianni (Alessandro Gassman, son of famed Vittorio), has concocted likely the most convoluted mass murder scheme ever to hit the theaters.	The action sequences here don't have the kinetic oomph required in such a mindless effort.	A ridiculous and confusing mess of overwritten dialogue, nonsensical plot contrivances and impossible, overlong action sequences.	The Transporter delivers the action at the expense of coherent storytelling.
Luckily, the good outweighs the bad in this bright 'n' breezy comedy about competitive a cappella singing groups.	The song's the same, but Pitch Perfect is a great cover version.	As far as college comedies go, it ain't quite Animal House but I laughed more than I thought I would.	Mostly works because the characters are engaging and the musical performances well-chosen and well-done	Luckily, Pitch Perfect has just enough flaws to (almost) keep us from making terrible puns around its title, but this fun comedy is good enough to leave an a cappella version of "No Diggity" stuck in your head. For a week.	Pitch Perfect's plot is formulaic, but the performances are excellent and the musical numbers are toe-tapping as well.
"There's not a bigger '**** you!' from Hollywood than when they say: 'Eh, we're not going to release this film,'" "The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day" star Sean Patrick Flanery said in an interview.	Now comes Troy Duffy's flatulent sequel, "The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day." Ten years in the contemplation! It doesn't feel quite that long to sit through in its wretched entirety, but I still can't imagine any but the most easily entertained being	Let's just say it doesn't make me feel like Riverdancing.	There's a good reason why it's taken Duffy this long to secure funds for a sequel to his D.O.A. meal-ticket: It was never funny in the first place.	This sequel is a bit more comedic, a bit more convoluted and a bit more everything than its predecessor, which is a heady thing for eager fans of the stillborn cult flick, and fairly irrelevant to just about everyone else.	This sequel to the cult favorite The Boondock Saints is more of the same -- unoriginal, absurd, violent, over-the-top, and occasionally mean-spirited.
The hideous thing is that the film is modelling behaviour for young men who might still think it's all hilarious.	If this were an audition reel and I was the head of a studio I'd call security to make sure this guy Seth Rogen and his writer-director Jody Hill never got near enough to my office to cast a shadow on it.	A comedy so dark you have to turn the house lights on to see the screen.	Quite crude, quite funny. Good at what it sets out to do %u2013 make us giggle, but that serious part of me wanted the picture to take its serious side one or two steps further.	Observe and Report revels in creeping you out and making you laugh -- hard.	Though it has a mean streak, and does not cater to all tastes, Observe and Report has gut-busting laughs and a fully committed Seth Rogen in irresistible form.
The hero of this Kafkaesque nightmare could be anybody who feels abused, raging against fate or God and discovering only absurdity and more horror.	In the end, there's nothing to do but collapse in astonished appreciation of the filmmaker's boundless propensity for mischief.	Nightmarish Oldboy alternates between the captivating and the sickening.	The director's Fincher-esque style may finally beat out intellectual substance, but it's a fair fight, grounded in the existential horror of essential emotional truths.	Vengeance, says director Chan-wook Park, is the most dramatic subject in the world. The problem with that view driving his filmmaking is that it seems to override his creative judgement, presenting us with cruelty as the vehicle for his cinematic jollies.	Violent and definitely not for the squeamish, Park Chan-Wook's visceral Oldboy is a strange, powerful tale of revenge.
As unfortunate titles for cynically commercial sequels go, this one's a doozy	Dull and forgettable, relentlessly extending this family comedy franchise.	It's alternately mean-spirited and dumb, and it features few if any laughs.	The rapper Ice Cube returns to the multiplex with Are We Done Yet? a feeble fable of better parenting through home improvement.	If only someone had thought to fix the script.	Are We Done Yet? plays it way too safe with generic slapstick and uninspired domestic foibles.
The sparkling charm which Duff once evinced has largely faded with familiarity and too many indifferent projects.	Nobody's perfect.	I kept steepling my hands and hiding behind them.	This silly, lame comedy is primarily a vehicle to promote Hilary Duff.	[It] isn't funny or heartwarming or interesting on any level.	Preposterous and predictable, The Perfect Man manages few laughs with its poorly paced sitcom script, cookie-cutter characters and contrived plotting.
Heigl is...so good that we can't wait to see her in a vehicle worthy of her.	Doesn't pretend to be something more than a fun movie for women, as it offers a lighter look at romance and relationships without ever getting preachy or anti-male.	Talk about setting the woman's movement back by about a half-century.	The trouble isn't that you can see exactly where this is going, but that none of the possibilities are anything other than clichéd	Despite the ugly gowns, Katherine Heigl's a sight to see in 27 Dresses.	The filmmakers perfectly follow the well-worn romantic comedy formula, rendering 27 Dresses clichéd and mostly forgettable.
Nothing sticks, really, except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad, sordid universe of guns, drugs, avarice and damaged dreams.	Broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all, and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient.	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and, no matter how Broomfield dresses it up, it tends to speculation, conspiracy theories or, at best, circumstantial evidence.	Daringly perceptive, taut, piercing and feisty, Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation.	Broomfield gets his subjects talking candidly before they've had the chance to compose themselves. It makes the director an amusing guide through the gangsta-rap underworld.	This is a compelling documentary, even for those who aren't fans of rap.
Moving from hero to hero, big waves to bigger ones, the movie pulls you into the adrenaline surge of fixation.	It's difficult to imagine a movie that deals more thoroughly with big-wave surfing, but Riding Giants can't match the novelty and interest of Peralta's 2001 hit, Dogtown and Z-Boys.	It's all pretty swanky.	Peralta manages to keep you engaged -- even if you'd rather watch a kid ride some giant sidewalk instead.	The film's utterly deadpan approach sets it apart from such previous surf movies as The Endless Summer and Step Into Liquid, which were as much adventure travelogues as anything else.	A great addition to the existing surfing documentaries.
Despite brisk direction by Steve Barron, plus unbridled energy and fine special effects, an overt glorification of violence is still at the crux of this stunt film.	The results are lively and funny enough to keep adults enthralled as well as kids.	The one subplot that could have been milked, about a young friend of O'Neil's who falls in with the gang, is handled indifferently and fails to supply much in the way of a youthful identification figure.	Of the three live-action films, this one is the best. The characters are fresh, and the adventure has a great start to the franchise.	Panderingly kid-centric and obnoxious commercialism at its most profitable.	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is exactly as advertised: one-liners, brawls, and general silliness. Good for the young at heart, irritating for everyone else.
A road movie using undeveloped land as a blank screen on which to project a dark deconstruction of masculinity and manifest destiny.	Shot with a feverish feeling for heat and madness that's worthy of Borges.	A movie that shows us plenty of unsettling stuff but also knows that what viewers imagine is much more disturbing than what any movie can show.	This movie gets under your skin.	"Wake in Fright" works both as an early instance of "Ozploitation" cinema and as a harsh critique of Australian colonialism and the absurdity of trying to bring so-called civilization to this vast arid wilderness.	A disquieting classic of Australian cinema, Wake in Fright surveys a landscape both sun-drenched and ruthlessly dark.
One might reasonably think that watching two completely despicable characters would be repellent rather than entertaining, yet the tantalizing promise of a comeuppance or two completely avoids that trap	the team formulates Fracture not to be a traditional whodunit, but a Canhegetawaywithit.	I'm glad I saw it, and there were some very admirable elements to the film. Yet I have to acknowledge that it could have capitalized on the good stuff a little more than it did.	For all the suspense it generates, Fracture succeeds because it recognizes that, like a courtroom itself, the legal-thriller genre is an arena for actors to breathe and snort and poke and prod at each other's weak points.	It's occasionally quite witty, it's able to tell us a great deal about its characters and their back stories in an economic fashion and its plot swings are surprising and compelling.	Though Fracture's plot is somewhat implausible, the onscreen face-off between Gosling and Hopkins overshadows any faults.
...ideal for those who thought [David Lynch's] Mulholland Drive was too simple and straightforward...	It's also too long and too reminiscent of Lynch's other work. But die-hard fans will find things to like.	Inland Empire is about the effects of movies themselves - the way they change us, inform our goals, and impact our self-image.	this story of magic, madness and metempsychosis will have you feeling like a rabbit trying to puzzle out what exactly is going on as wilder wolves circle and headlights career toward you out of the darkness.	Inland Empire opens and contracts in your imagination while you watch it -- and you're still watching it well after it's left the screen. It's a long but thoroughly absorbing three hours.	Typical David Lynch fare: fans of the director will find Inland Empire seductive and deep. All others will consider the heady surrealism impenetrable and pointless.
It requires and solicits a certain generosity of spirit and an openness to experience, but what it offers in return is something remarkable.	If she doesn't quite go the distance - resonance needs richer characterisation, origami finer scissors - Cherry Blossoms is still a touching, tangibly personal chamber movie.	Ozu's handling of the frosty schism between awkward parents and their ghastly offspring resulted in a heartbreaking piece of cinema. This lovely update is not quite in the same tragi-comic league, but it's authentic enough to prick tears.	An affectionate, gentle film, if marred by sentimentality.	I am in favor of films remaining enigmatic or having an air of mystery about them, but Cherry Blossoms crosses the line into aimlessness.	This mature and eloquent meditation on grief and loss sports measured performances and moments of humor.
De Niro and Grodin have a great comic chemistry.	Miraculously, De Niro and Grodin turn this sow's ear into a plausible vehicle for a buddy movie, and thanks to both of them, this movie springs to life.	That old formula, handcuffed captor and captive who become buddies on the run, gets an injection of new life from the playing of the cast.	While other films may have won awards that year, Midnight Run is really the best film of 1988.	Brace yourself for a movie joyride that sends you home reeling from thrills, laughter and the pleasure of honest sentiment.	Enlivened by the antagonistic chemistry between Robert De Niro and Charles Grodin, Midnight Run is an uncommonly entertaining odd couple comedy.
These B-movie thrills in post-apocalyptic England would make George Romero proud.	28 Days Later is a zombie movie and a rather good one. For one thing, it has enough cinematic style to keep it from being laughably cheesy.	A brilliant and fresh horror film that is both scary and ingenious.	[Boyle's] back on British turf here and in fine dark form.	... really creepy and really scary ...	Kinetically directed by Danny Boyle, 28 Days Later is both a terrifying zombie movie and a sharp political allegory.
The humor emphasizes quantity over quality, but the batting average isn't too bad. And where else can you witness Leslie Nielsen do a nude scene?	Scary Movie 4 is the second to be directed by Airplane! and The Naked Gun's David Zucker and possibly the funniest one yet.	There's a kinda/sorta plot going on here that strings together a bunch of gags, which work more often than not.	Even better than Scary Movie 3 ... but is that really saying very much?	Three's a trilogy, four's a bore.	Sure to inspire a few chuckles, but not enough to compensate for the recycled material from its predecessors.
Pacino feels like a bankable source to disguise mediocrity but a dud is a dud and Avnet is wholly indifferent	88 Minutes holds you in a state of acute suspense, keeping you wondering until the very last minute whether this is the worst Al Pacino movie ever made.	The picture easily snatches from Revolution the prize as Al Pacino's career worst.	Even a viewer with incredibly low expectations will be staggered by its badness.	Could have used more innovation and less strained obviousness as it worked its way toward an underwhelming conclusion.	88 Minutes is a shockingly inept psychological thriller that expertly squanders the talent at hand.
Hausner subtly sketches in the characters involved -- the pilgrims, the carers, the bemused but conscientious resident priest -- and the tensions and jealousies that thrive in Lourdes' hothouse atmosphere, without ever showing her hand.	A cucumber-cool satire which views the poetry and passion of spiritual faith through a prism of rigid bureaucracy and ruthless logic.	Beautifully led by birdlike Sylvie Testud as an ailing young woman in a wheelchair, every character (pilgrim and helper alike) exhibits a soul. And shaped with confident talent by the Austrian filmmaker, every serenely composed shot matters.	A film featuring the kind of compelling, textured female character that most serious Hollywood actresses would trade at least a decade's worth of Botox to get their claws into.	Compelling, unusual and beautifully shot French drama with a terrific central performance from Sylvie Testud and a darkly funny script that really gets under your skin -- this is one of the best films of the year.	As bewitchingly ambiguous as it is beautifully shot, Lourdes explores profound themes with subtlety and a deft comic touch -- and a marvelous performance from its star, Sylvie Testud.
Parents beware; this is downright movie penance.	Yes, 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes, but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away?	Supposedly, Pokemon can't be killed, but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over.	Well, it does go on forever.	Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon won't be disappointed.	Only for diehard Pokemon fans.
A chimeric big-screen extravaganza that's refreshingly unique.	While the film is an artistic feat, its story just isn't as gripping as its fantastically composed shots.	If you can get past the constant blurring, you'll have a good time watching it.	The recent film it closely evokes is no sci-fi blockbuster but "The Saddest Music in the World" by Guy Maddin, another filmmaker obsessed with silent and Expressionist cinema.	With action, adventure, amazing effects, humor, and romance, it's a movie that everyone can enjoy.	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is slim on plot and characterization, but the visuals more than make up for it.
A jaw-dropping experience, so rigorously one-dimensional and free from even the pretense of intelligence it's hard not to be astonished and even mesmerized by what is on the screen.	If viewed as a comedy, Starship Troopers is quite enjoyable...	Though the movie's internal logic is a bit shaky (machine guns are the futuristic weapons for exterminating giant bugs), this mammoth production is the most satisfying adventure film of the year.	Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen. But here too, Starship Troopers doesn't quite make it.	Flawed but fun.	A fun movie...if you can accept the excessive gore and wooden acting.
It's neither grounded enough to be genuinely horrifying nor over the top enough to be nastily fun.	An undeniable treat for lovers of morbid comedy.	Devised by acting-writing comedy team Lowe and Oram and co-scripted by Amy Jump, director Ben Wheatley's professional and personal partner, the movie pokes fun at the social limitations of these lumpen Midlanders without sneering at or patronizing them.	With a wink and a shrug, Sightseers shows us evil in all its banality.	( ... ) like their black Volvo and white Abbey Oxford caravan, [Chris and Tina] seem to be inseparably stuck together in a bizarre kind of tow-bar heaven.	Director Ben Wheatley and writer-stars Alice Lowe and Steve Oram deliver a wicked road trip movie that successfully walks the line between dark comedy and horror.
A surprisingly memorable creepfest that fleshes out the characters' backstories while adding a heaping helping of blacker-than-pitch humor to the proceedings.	Unfortunately for those hoping for shower scenes and other R-rated shenanigans, there's only one and it's pretty lame.	Like an ugly tie or a pair of slipper socks, Black Christmas is destined to be forgotten the instant it's unwrapped, gathering dust until the season rolls around again.	Who needs Scrooge or the Grinch to ruin your holiday cheer when you have tired horror rehashes like this one?	One for real horror-buffs only.	A gratuitous remake of the 1974 slasher, Black Christmas pumps out the gore and blood with zero creativity, humor, or visual flair.
Knowing the story doesn't impair one's wonder at the undiminished magic of Casablanca.	It's a film that pays off the viewer again and again and again.	Even hardened cynics who might be impelled to dismiss it as a collection of button-pushing clichés will most likely get swept up in the all the unabashed romance.	Every bit the classic.	Casablanca is a must-have DVD. It is a nearly flawless presentation of a film that has set the standard for "timeless."	An undisputed masterpiece and perhaps Hollywood's quintessential statement on love and romance, Casablanca has only improved with age, boasting career-defining performances from Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman.
Eight thousand fortysome irretrievable seconds, how do you measure the time that you wasted on Rent?	Though the storyline is sparse and it's about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be, there's still something about it that's hard to shake.	Rent features an attractive cast, sharp lyrics, bright music and a storyline that has passed muster for over 100 years	No amount of confident theatrical pedigree will carry a movie musical in the wrong directorial hands.	They're saying Rent was of its moment. They're saying that moment has passed. So the point of making the movie is . . . ?	Fans of the stage musical may forgive Rent its flaws, but weak direction, inescapable staginess and an irritating faux-boho pretension prevent the film from connecting on screen.
A finer political film you will not find. It should be declared a national treasure.	All the Presidents Men is a thinking man's political thriller featuring two crusading journalists working their story, consistently following clues and interviewing various sources (and would be sources) in their quest for the truth.	You might be rather baffled at times if you are unfamiliar with such names as Stans, Strachan and Kleindienst. I suspect that you would still be fascinated and entertained.	Still the best movie ever made about journalism	An intelligent and gripping adaptation of a sadly familiar story.	A taut, solidly acted paean to the benefits of a free press and the dangers of unchecked power, made all the more effective by its origins in real-life events.
Affleck made a quietly astonishing directorial debut a few years ago with the taut, atmospheric mystery Gone Baby Gone. With The Town, he proves he's no one-hit wonder.	As far as a developing directing talent goes, The Town is to Ben Affleck what Pulp Fiction was to Quentin Tarantino. It's that good.	Further proof that Affleck -- after the professional doldrums of the Bennifer years -- is fulfilling the promise of Good Will Hunting and is a writer/director totally in command of his subject.	A riveting, immorality play establishing Ben Affleck as a director to be reckoned with.	Ben Affleck's follow-up to his gritty directorial debut, Gone Baby Gone, proves the actor/director/co-writer is here, baby, here to stay.	Tense, smartly written, and wonderfully cast, The Town proves that Ben Affleck has rediscovered his muse -- and that he's a director to be reckoned with.
Hopkins brings gravity and dignity to every role he assumes, which is exactly what is needed here to offset the rambunctious impatience of Banderas' Alejandro.	The Mask of Zorro is everything you'd want a swashbuckler to be.	Banderas, with his flashing eyes, makes a good mock-Hidalgo, but the movie would be a lot more amusing if it weren't such kid stuff.	Zorro follows the predictable paths of action movies, but re-energizes the pattern with adrenaline, exuberance, creativity, and humor.	At its best, this 'Zorro' captures some of the dizzyingly romantic flavor of pulp fiction. ...Unfortunately, Martin Campbell has directed this Mexican melodrama in an often uninspired fashion.	Banderas returns as an aging Zorro in this surprisingly nimble, entertaining swashbuckler.
The unsung heroes who played on stacks of wax during the '60s pop era are celebrated in a hugely entertaining documentary.	The enchanting Kaye - "I was making more money than the President" - probably deserves her own film.	Incredibly engaging and equally informative music documentary.	Good-natured look at the virtuoso workhorses of classic rock and pop.	The Wrecking Crew is a vital part of the narrative of the golden age of popular music recording, and contains elements that will certainly be used for future, perhaps more sophisticated tellings of this period.	The Wrecking Crew may not achieve the greatness of the many classic songs its subjects helped bring to life, but it remains a heartfelt, overdue tribute to overshadowed brilliance.
Stiller's never been better as an actor.	Sounds like a French farce, you say? Well, you got that right. And it's just as entertaining.	[A] wonderfully mad odyssey of a movie, in which a man sets out to find his biological parents and winds up meeting more weirdos than Alice found down the rabbit hole.	Boasting a clever title, this is an inspired piece of lunacy about sociology versus biology, with terrific performances from Ben Stiller and his two sets of parents.	Avoiding the safety of the PC blanket, David O. Russell has crafted a canny, crafty and altogether adorable little misfit of a movie.	Darkly funny, solidly cast, and surprisingly thoughtful, Flirting with Disaster proved David O. Russell's Spanking the Monkey was no fluke.
It cannot be art, but commercially and emotionally, it aims to satisfy, and does.	A crackling good action thriller.	Double Jeopardy principally works as a suspense film for an early autumn evening.	A rather unimaginative thriller.	The picture itself is so nonsensical you don't understand why anyone would actually make it.	A talented cast fails to save this unremarkable thriller.
Un poema hermoso de forma y fondo.	Built around Bardem's immobile presence, the film can't help but seem stolidly monumental even as it explores issues that are heart-wrenchingly personal.	Javier Bardem is the heart of this movie and he gives a great, screen-filling performance.	Rare is the motion picture which grapples with issues this provocative and profound. Rarer still is one which does so this well.	Superb filmmaking and devastating performances make it a must-see	Held aloft by a transfixing performance from Javier Bardem as a terminally ill man who chooses to die, The Sea Inside transcends its melodramatic story with tenderness and grace.
Wilson goes from crashing weddings to crashing newlyweds in a comedy that's as tired as week-old wedding cake.	A braver, more female-empowering movie would have Molly come to her senses and realize that Dupree, hygiene and career problems aside, is twice the catch that Carl is.	With its smart script and an ultra-likeable cast, You Me and Dupree is funny and wacky with plenty of heart, shifting focus beyond expectations ... The best part is the way the relationships between the three central characters change.	Dupree feels like the most opportunistic of Hollywood 'packages' -- a trio of appealing stars with proven track records in this sort of fare paired with a script that's been cobbled together out of odds and ends of other, better movies.	You, Me and Dupree is an inconsistent trifle - by turns cute and annoying - and not much more.	A rather generic entry into the arrested development subgenre, with themes borrowed from other more successful and funnier films. Dupree wears out its welcome.
British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.	Delivers all the energy and spectacle audiences have come to expect from a Jerry Bruckheimer production, but sucks out the fun in the process ...	The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.	It wouldn't work as well as it does if Hammer and Depp didn't play off one another as well as they do. But work it does, in a sort of shambling, Frankenstein manner that seems like it should fall apart at any moment but doesn't.	There's no shame in getting upstaged by Johnny Depp. Coming up third behind a dead crow, however, signals trouble.	Armie Hammer and Johnny Depp make for an appealing pair of leads, but they're not enough to make up for The Lone Ranger's bland script, bloated length, and blaring action overkill.
A slight, but amusing and occasionally touching, dark comedy about depression and dysfunction that percolates with indie film hipness.	Has great relevance to the lost adultolescent generation of today ... but it also flounders in its commonplace and too-familiar concept.	As the credits started to roll, I came to a pleasant and all-too-rare moviegoing realization: The smile that had crept across my face during the very first scene had never left.	Lonesome Jim is not going to become a generation's anything the way Garden State is evolving, but it's a decent sidebar	(Casey) Affleck is adequate as the lead, although I kept wondering how much lower Buscemi could take Jim.	Though Lonesome Jim is leavened by sweet, understated humor, it's hard to root for such a morose, self-defeating protagonist.
Right now, Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry feels like a campaign film, but in six weeks, it'll feel like what it really is: a dramatic, involving story.	Those who dismiss Going Upriver as a movie-length campaign commercial will miss out on a compelling and dramatic story of a young man's trial by fire.	Butler's mission might have been better served by giving Kerry's critics some say.	Butler's film still manages to accomplish what the candidate's foundering campaign has utterly failed to do.	By personalizing the anti-war movement around Kerry's own personal and public journeys, the film powerfully reminds the viewer of all that was at stake around the war and in '60s American society.	Interesting and revealing footage of both Kerry and the Vietnam era in general.
'With great power comes great responsibility' is a lesson the makers of Spider-Man 2 have taken to heart.	Ranking amongst the best films of 2004, the best action films of the past decade and, once again, THE GREATEST COMIC BOOK SUPERHERO FILM EVER MADE!	Spider-Man 2 deserves every nickel its bound to make. It's what happens when filmmakers focus on "let's make a good movie" instead of "let's make a sequel".	Raimi handles it effortlessly because he keeps his focus tightly in the characters' hearts and minds.	The genius of director Sam Raimi is to take the fantastic and make it believably, achingly human.	Boasting an entertaining villain and deeper emotional focus, this is a nimble sequel that improves upon the original.
It's magical stuff.	Spellbinding, and a model of the documentary form.	Petit is such an ebullient guy it's hard not to get sucked into his high-wire antics.	Without bombast or pathos -- as gracefully as a tightrope walker -- Man on Wire brings back a time when the towers were still symbols of aspiration and possibility.	It is one of the most suspenseful, white-knuckled films of the year.	James Marsh's doc about artist Phililppe Petit's artful caper brings you every ounce of suspense that can be wrung from a man on a (suspended) wire.
Caro gives the fablesque story -- based on a 1,000-year-old Maori legend -- both a contemporary and timeless quality, anchored by newcomer Castle-Hughes' powerful and haunting performance.	The movie is more satisfying as myth than narrative.	One of the most effective and affecting parables about overcoming adversity.	Think of all the images of girls in U.S. pop movies -- so halter-topped, so perfectly coiffed and appointed, so self-consciously cute, so Mary-Kate-and-Ashleyed. Pai is none of that but much more.	The most effective and moving female empowerment movie in awhile.	An empowering and uplifting movie, with a wonderful performance by Castle-Hughes.
Stardust is a magical mystery tour with just enough self-aware wit and great performances to make it a bright spot in summer films!	Stardust has a welcome heft.	It does not have a great deal of soul, just a sense of adventure and a happily-ever-after ending.	On the surface, Stardust looks like a cheesy little fluff fantasy. In many ways it is. Yet at the same time, it's also the most fun I've had with a film since watching the first Pirates of the Caribbean.	I was blinded by a thunderstorm of mediocre special effects, a boisterous soundtrack that makes Transformers seem like a Miles Davis record, and slapped with frustration over the film's unbelievable inertia.	A faithful interpretation that captures the spirit of whimsy, action, and off-kilter humor of Neil Gaiman, Stardust juggles multiple genres and tones to create a fantastical experience.
After walking out of ATTENBERG, I couldn't decide if I really hated it, or really loved it. I still can't decide. ATTENBERG stretches the arthouse genre to "WTF!?"	If you stay, hope to be charmed. But be warned: you could be exasperated first by the servings of self-regard and psycho-spiritual preciosity.	We can't help but empathize with Marina even though she gives us almost nothing to hold on to. She's human. She needs us. She needs someone.	The face of actress Ariane Labed lifts this quiet, dour character study by filmmaker Athina Rachel Tsangari.	Tsangari distinguishes herself from her predecessor's freak-show formalism with an underlying humanism and freewheeling playfulness.	At once playfully eccentric and poignantly bittersweet, Attenberg adds a refreshing sideways spin to the arthouse coming-of-age drama.
It does what great cinema should do: takes you on an extraordinary journey and make you feel grateful to be alive.	Provocative yet well made drama.	12 Years a Slave is possibly the best horror film of the year, but it's a disappointing drama.	It is a film that necessity and education demand seeing.	This might just be one of the most powerful films you ever watch	It's far from comfortable viewing, but 12 Years a Slave's unflinchingly brutal look at American slavery is also brilliant -- and quite possibly essential -- cinema.
Cox -- who experienced the Mormon view on gay life firsthand -- gets the sort of performances out of his characters that will help you overlook what is cliched about the story.	Writer-director C. Jay Cox has created a tender gay love story, and then buries it under shrill diatribes, plot clichés and one-note characters.	What would happen between a hedonistic fairy and an earnest but curious Mormon?	The whole Mormon/gay thing would be plenty for one movie without also sticking in AIDS, the betrayal of friends and actors-trying- to-get-their- big-break.	A well-intentioned but horribly trite drama about acceptance and fulfillment that plays like an after-school special with naughty words and sex thrown in.	A melodramatic plot and character stereotypes turn the movie into a sitcom.
The biggest cinematic human rights violation since Bad Boys II.	As Ashley whines while slogging with Mary-Kate through a sewer: "There is no bright side!"	[It] may be the first movie that could play in a double feature with either something with Hillary Duff or Lindsay Lohan or with one of the film versions of Lolita.	Will satisfy young girls and dudes horny for Mary-Kate and Ashley, but anyone looking for wit or originality better look elsewhere.	Interesting that the two groups naturally attracted to it are pre-teen girls and dirty old men, and what it does best is teach the one how to be attractive to the other.	Feels more like a calculated product designed to expand the Olsens' brand than an actual movie. Also, it contains ethnic stereotyping and sexual innuendo.
Decently acted but only moderately inspiring.	it would be a shame if this funny, warm-hearted film didn't find a sizable audience...	Celebrates imagination as the firepower that enables these two outsiders to transcend their disabilities, loneliness, and familial problems.	Good movie about friendship for middle schoolers.	Instead of relying on maudlin music cues and heavy-handed dialogue, Chelsom has faith enough in his script and his cast to allow them to strike emotional chords on their own.	Heavy-handed and overwrought.
It's not badly made, but it's a drag.	The Widow of Saint-Pierre is yet a further testimony to the health of the French film industry and its ability to consistently produce films of exceptional artistry and emotional resonance.	It's a tale about wishy-washy humanitarianism.	While the outcome of the story may be telegraphed, director Patrice Leconte ("Girl on the Bridge") shrouds his film in many layers of mystery.	The whole thing gets old rather quickly.	Critics are impressed with The Widow of St. Pierre's intriguing story and beautiful cinematography.
Morgan Freeman and Jack Nicholson work their usual acting magic in The Bucket List, making it more entertaining than I expected.	Contrives the sappiest plot scenario imaginable and proceeds to ornament it with obscene hysterics.	A delightful comedy about two dying men who travel the world to discover the joy in their lives.	No Grumpy Old Men these two, as Nicholson's over-the hill sex machine billionaire with his serial quickies on demand, and Freeman's egghead underachiever spar with the Grim Reaper. Two Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest.	Although The Bucket List shouldn't sit well on the stomach, it goes down as easily as meals through an IV.	Not even the earnest performances of the two leads can rescue The Bucket List from its schmaltzy script.
Mary And Max is original, personal, funny and moving; a film of warmth and compassion from a major artist.	The themes are nicely complemented by Elliot's animation style, which is full of wonky cityscapes and misshapen characters, something that gives this oddball story a lovely, tactile, handcrafted feel.	Has charm, curiosity and heart in spades.	I can't remember seeing an animated feature so dark and funny and bizarre and sad, all at the same time.	"Mary and Max" dares to be equally funny and sad, making it as bittersweet as Max's favorite chocolate.	Mary and Max is a lovingly crafted, startlingly inventive piece of animation whose technical craft is equaled by its emotional resonance.
John McNaughton's haunting film is a grim journey into the life of its twisted subject that refuses to moralise or judge.	Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer surely ranks as one of the most frightening and disturbing films ever made.	A brutally honest intimate portrait of a serial killer that makes you feel rotten inside.	In a world in which eight nearly identical Friday the 13th movies offer the adventures of Jason the ax-murderer as entertainment for teen-agers, maybe we do need this sobering alternative.	McNaughton, co-writer Richard Fire and Rooker have pulled off an amazing feat -- a portrait of a damaged mind that refuses to explain, judge or glamorize psychopathic violence.	Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer is an effective, chilling profile of a killer that is sure to shock and disturb.
It strains credulity that these two would get together, and even though the couple's incompatibility is a key point of the story, that fact makes it impossible to invest in the relationship or have any sympathy for the characters.	I wouldn't want this Housekeeper around my house, but your mileage may vary.	...a refreshing alternative to the myriad of overcranked stories churned out by Hollywood.	Bacri and Dequenne fill out their underwritten roles, giving this small, unassuming story a few sparks.	Its love story engages both the heart and the head.	Nuanced performances and an understated tone make The Housekeeper transcend its familiar premise.
Unapologetically long and messy, Snowpiercer offers an unhinged ride that's worth the investment for its mixture of batty personalities, consistently impressive visuals and mad swipes at heavy symbolism jam-packed together.	Snowpiercer balances class metaphor, a nice hunk of comic book strangeness and often-ingeniously choreographed action in equal measure.	"Snowpiercer" is a rich, ravishing experience, a motion picture dripping in social consciousness and thematic intricacy without becoming preachy or losing sight of its other purpose as a rousing, robust entertainment.	The movie never stops moving, and its conclusion is one of the most bittersweet-yet still somehow victorious-endings of any big-budget action movie I can remember.	Excessive in an interesting way for much longer than you think it could be. Unfortunately, that's not long enough.	Snowpiercer offers an audaciously ambitious action spectacular for filmgoers numb to effects-driven blockbusters.
A cynical and manipulative exercise with little feel for the teen culture it purports to celebrate.	Sadly, sadly dated.	For such an iconic dance movie, Footloose is an odd bird of a movie with surprisingly little dancing.	After a while you kind of go, 'Y'know, this isn't actually all that bad.'	The movie features some good dancing -- not nearly enough, however -- and a fine, understated performance by Lithgow in a role that might easily lend itself to caricature.	There's not much dancing, but what's there is great. The rest of the time, Footloose is a nice hunk of trashy teenage cheese.
Predictable crime comedy has some iffy content.	The movie is designed to be uplifting and inspirational, but everything about it is tired and listless. It doesn't so much make you feel the spirit as drain it out of you.	While not all of the jokes work (in fact, some of them misfire badly), there are enough low-key chuckles to retain a light tone.	Ice Cube has been taking a lot of heat in recent years for abandoning his tough guy image in exchange for Hollywood stardom, and First Sunday appears to be a compromise.	On your own day of judgement, select a better film from the listings.	First Sunday may have its heart in the right place, but its funny bone is dislocated.
The actors can't keep the film's mood from verging on hysteria as the story roams all over the map. "The Frighteners" has flitted everywhere, even to heaven and hell, before it's over.	Incredible, the amount of work that went into ``The Frighteners.'' And appalling.	Despite being awful in almost every respect, The Frighteners does offer one small pleasure: R. Lee Ermey parodying his Full Metal Jacket drill sergeant character.	An object lesson in what to avoid when making the transition from low-budget films to studio productions.	Every frame drips with Jackson's moviemaking fever.	Boasting top-notch special effects and exuberant direction from Peter Jackson, The Frighteners is visually striking but tonally uneven.
Natalie Portman almost manages to rise above the overt complexities and heavy obviousness of Don Roos' take on thwarted mother love.	It's a kind of unofficial sequel or sibling, three decades later, to Robert Benton's Oscar-winning Kramer vs. Kramer.	Poignant portrait of a mother dealing with her grief over the death of her infant daughter and struggling with the need to wall herself off from those closest to her.	For a picture that really isn't much more than a high-toned soap opera...surprisingly effective.	Portman spends most of her time crying or pouting.	Natalie Portman and Lisa Kudrow deliver fine performances in The Other Woman, but they're muted by Don Roos' clumsy direction and cluttered, melodramatic script.
What rescues Eagle vs. Shark is its focus on Lily. Although Horsley overdoes the winsomeness, she is genuinely appealing. Love erases Lily's geekiness and in its place stands an attractive young woman.	Eagle vs. Shark is something of an anti-romantic comedy because its leads are so ill-suited to the conventions of the genre.	Loren Horsley is so brilliant, that the rest of the film need only line up behind her.	Eagle vs. Shark might have seemed amusingly original, albeit in a self-consciously quirky, indie-movie kind of way, if Napoleon Dynamite didn't already exist.	The film's absurdist dialogue is consistently funny.	Though there are frequent moments of wit and mordant humor, Eagle vs Shark needs more to distinguish itself from other precious, Napoleon Dynamite-ish comedies.
Gazing into the abyss has rarely felt so good.	Friedkin's twisty-turny career, 47 years and running, shows no signs of slackening.	Matthew McConaughey gives an intensely wry performance while director William Friedkin applies his old-master craftsmanship to a brutal, ugly story.	Resembling yard sculptures in a trailer park, where trash becomes art, "Killer Joe" is a Picasso signed with a branding iron.	Friedkin unleashes a strong cast on this darkly funny and violent tale of weak-minded people who think they're smarter than they are.	Violent, darkly comic, and full of strong performances, Killer Joe proves William Friedkin hasn't lost his touch, even if the plot may be too lurid for some.
Strong performances buoy teen-friendly historical drama.	The story of Alan Turing, and his immeasurable contribution to modern society, is superbly adapted for the screen in The Imitation Game.	Cumberbatch nails it. If only the film did, too.	A lively, exciting beat-the-clock thriller. Frequently sharp and witty.	Cumberbatch is moviedom's man of the moment, and with this painfully human performance, the actor who has specialized in difficult geniuses finally cracks the code of compassion.	With an outstanding starring performance from Benedict Cumberbatch illuminating its fact-based story, The Imitation Game serves as an eminently well-made entry in the "prestige biopic" genre.
Shrek Forever After is not that bad. That's what we've come to... evaluating a multi-million dollar summer tent-pole release as 'not that bad.'	Mike Myers deserves a ton of credit for making "Shrek" an enduring and endearing part of our film vernacular.	Shrek Forever After is an amiable but underpowered conclusion to a franchise that ran out of comic ideas six years ago. It is time to lay this ogre to rest.	[It] may not be especially funny; it may not have any tremendously compelling reason to exist... but by God, it's not as dispiriting as Shrek the Third.	Impressively directed and superbly animated, this is a clever reworking of It's A Wonderful Life that manages to freshen up the franchise, allowing for a much darker tone and a subtle revamping of all the characters...	While not without its moments, Shrek Forever After too often feels like a rote rehashing of the franchise's earlier entries.
Despite some graphic violence to mar the film, if you can hang in for the shamefully slow first half, the last 40 minutes is entertaining.	Knowing that something as outrageous as this could be true does give the film some added spice.	The Bank Job is fun to watch while both the heist and its often bloody consequences unravel in front of you.	Statham fans weaned on the adrenaline flowing through The Transporter and Crank may feel short-changed, but the rest of us can appreciate the unassuming, old-fashioned craftsmanship of The Bank Job.	The Bank Job is smart, well-paced, exciting entertainment for adults -- something that is more of a rarity than it should be.	Well cast and crisply directed, The Bank Job is a thoroughly entertaining British heist thriller.
This children's epic is slowed considerably by a convoluted, multi-tiered plotline in which we bounce between the human world and the Minimoy one. None of the characters are compelling, despite the star-studded vocal cast behind them.	Things unfold in rote fashion, with nature-based gadgetry no more clever than those of The Flintstones.	Luc Besson has made a fair share of artfully bad movies. Arthur and the Invisibles -- half-live-action, half-CG kid's adventure -- is (by a hair) more bad-bad, like The Fifth Element, than good-bad, like The Big Blue.	This fantasy blend of live-action and digital animation is just never quite as wondrous as it really should be.	Luc Besson, the most-Hollywoodish of Gallic directors, has adapted his own series of popular (in France) kid-lit tomes to produce a glossy, expensive ($84 million) and long-winded mix of live action and computer animation.	Arthur wastes its big-name voice talent on a predictable script and substandard CG animation.
Al Pacino delivers a powerful performance in this compelling biopic of a cop and a city's police force.	Memorable, thought-provoking and courageous.	Another problem, these days, is Pacino's characterisation; he seems at times more like a misplaced hippy than a plainclothes cop.	An uneven film about a real life N.Y. cop who fought corruption. Al Pacino's passionate performace makes it worth watching.	A remarkable record of one man's rebellion against the sort of sleaziness and second-rateness that has affected so much American life, from the ingredients of its hamburgers to the ethics of its civil servants and politicians.	Serpico is an engrossing, immediate depiction of 1973 New York and includes a turn by a young Pacino that's both ferocious and career changing.
"Gone Girl" is an absolutely delicious mystery, one that parcels out revelations and surprises at just the right moments. But it's also a movie about the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves.	In a movie of subtle tones and wild swerves, Pike expertly mixes a cocktail of hot and cold blood. She is the Amazing Amy you could fall for, till death do you part.	The movie is phenomenally gripping-although it does leave you queasy, uncertain what to take away on the subject of men, women, marriage, and the possibility of intimacy from the example of such prodigiously messed-up people.	A brilliantly directed and well-acted psychological thriller.	With the exceptional commercial pedigree of its source material, this is overwritten in all aspects--presumably for being crafted for the screen by a novelist determined not to compromise her work for the sake of the medium.	Dark, intelligent, and stylish to a fault, Gone Girl plays to director David Fincher's sick strengths while bringing the best out of stars Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike.
In Search of a Midnight Kiss gets L.A. like few films do. And writer-director Holdridge understands the aspiring, disappointed but still open-to-anything crowd on the fringes of show business quite persuasively.	A naturalistic mix of vulgarity and romanticism gives this independent effort a mainstream appeal.	Smart dialogue, an impeccably crafted story, and eye-catching LA locations make this low-budget feature by Alex Holdridge the most worthwhile date movie I've seen in some time.	She's all long blond hair and cigarettes; he's scruffy and affable. But they're no Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy; the dynamic between the pair is often flat.	Holdridge shows talent, as do his leads, but along with money for popcorn, bring patience.	Funny, quirky, and bittersweet, In Search of a Midnight Kiss is a romantic comedy with a heart and a brain -- and stands as a sharp debut for director Alex Holdridge.
Este Chocolate podrá ser un poco simple, pero de que sabe rico, ni duda cabe	It's as agreeably sweet as advertised, with a particularly yummy performance by Juliette Binoche.	A dream suitable for sharing or clutching greedily to one's bosom -- like a chocolate box.	Feels good going down, but for such a sweet movie, the aftertaste is oddly bitter.	A sweet little movie.	Chocolat is a charmingly light-hearted fable with a lovely performance by Binoche.
It's as cool as it gets, but it's also smart and well crafted, and the soundtrack is one of the best ever. Definitively a must-see.	One of the best films of all time	The very epitome of 'outdated', but oddly enough that's what makes it such a (mini) classic.	Travolta's ad-libbing about his hair alone is enough to merit remembering SNF as a classic.	Travolta's breakthrough performance and John Badham's vibrant NYC locations make this a far more enlightening story of youth and rebellion than the mere kitsch of the film's contemporary reputation.	Boasting a smart, poignant story, a classic soundtrack, and a starmaking performance from John Travolta, Saturday Night Fever ranks among the finest dramas of the 1970s.
The film is sloppy and ill-formed, its tone lurching drunkenly from turgid soap opera to soft-core porn, descending at times to low camp.	The script, by Lee, Victor Colicchio and Michael Imperioli, is tighter than those for other Lee movies, but it's still too long and too broad.	A furious muddle of a movie that seems at once overcrowded and underwritten.	A sprawling, brilliantly acted character study which touches on love, friendship and betrayal, while also managing to recreate the last days of disco without a note of self-parody.	Makes you want to go home and shower with some sort of antiseptic cleanser instead of marvel over its artistic merits.	Spike Lee offers intense visuals but his storytelling feels crowded and overambitious.
"Infinitely Polar Bear" is a much-needed reminder that the realm of film is still a place to encounter something other than comic-book scenarios.	Ultimately the story is as sun-filtered as the cinematography, eschewing any real trauma for a warm afterglow.	Forbes' story and her direction of it may seem too sunny for some. But she keeps us refreshingly off-balance throughout, by letting us in on her memories the way she recalls them.	The story and performances are so sincere that Polar Bear doesn't suffer much from its loose ends.	Heartfelt drama about family impacted by mental illness.	Infinitely Polar Bear handles its thorny themes with a somewhat troublesomely light touch, but Mark Ruffalo's complex performance keeps the drama solidly grounded.
Filmed with such immediacy that it often feels like a documentary and acted true-to-the-bone.	Beautifully illuminates that poised-on-the-edge period of adolescence and the sad weight of leaving childhood behind.	Takes familiar material and develops it with such tact and skill that we find ourselves moved and sort of amazed at the same time.	An authentic recreation of life among adolescents in an inner-city Brooklyn neighborhood.	A languid but refreshingly real depiction of female adolescence in the inner city.	Graced with such a realistic feel that it resembles a documentary, Our Song is a sensitive portrayal of three teenage girls.
Sean Penn's spellbinding film adaptation of this book stays close to the source.	...an almost perversely uplifting celebration of a very strange and uncommonly charming young man, an Icarus who died by his own folly but in the process grazed heaven.	Super '70s in both style and sensibility, Into the Wild does for vagabond New Age souls what Deliverance did for misguided suburban macho.	Hal Holbrook will have been robbed if doesn't get nominated for every award available.	Every once in awhile, a movie will come outta nowhere and blow your socks off.	With his sturdy cast and confident direction, Sean Penn has turned a complex work of non-fiction like Into the Wild into an accessible and poignant character study.
What cripples the film's success as a sporting movie is the fact that its director, Douglas Mackinnon, struggles to find a way of making the climactic cycle races interesting.	Never quite manages to whip its disparate story elements into an emotionally moving whole.	Despite some over-egged cinematic touches, this true story of ambition and obsession is so powerfully engaging that it really deserves a wide audience.	Obree's psychology is fascinating and, even though the competitive scenes mostly involve him racing against himself in a spectator-free indoor track, the movie manages to give its audience a suitable adrenaline rush here and there.	[The] cinematography provides a unique perspective on a racing cyclist's view as Obree goes round and round, monotonously, on a slanted track. But an equally compelling look from the inside of Obree's illness offers the film's most stunning moment.	The Flying Scotsman's too-brisk pacing reduces the scale of cyclist Graham Obree's accomplishments while not uncovering what makes him tick.
The beauty of The Class is that it puts the lie to the one-teacher-can-make-a-difference myth propagated by so many other films.	An uncompromising and humane look at issues facing both teachers and students, The Class is an uplifting, thought-provoking, and it's only when the final bell rings you realise just how good it is.	...the sort of film that one admires more than one enjoys...	Most impressive, Cantet tracks the racial and ethnic resentments that simmer beneath the classroom discussions but become harder to quell when the parents get involved.	In the tidiest pitch-speak, it's the Dardennes do Degrassi, a convincingly intimate glimpse at the epic battle waged against apathy in schools the world over.	Energetic and bright, this hybrid of documentary style and dramatic plotting looks at the present and future of France through the interactions of a teacher and his students in an inner city high school.
Corpse Bride offers unclassifiable enchantment.	The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.	Corpse Bride will win your heart, if it doesn't rip it out of your chest first.	Sure to please the legions of kids who have bought every Jack Skellington item at their local Hot Topic.	Corpse Bride has the courage to address the lure of dead things as a rejection of established civility.	As can be expected from a Tim Burton movie, Corpse Bride is whimsically macabre, visually imaginative, and emotionally bittersweet.
Foxx is magnificent, taking a role that could be exorbitantly showy (actors playing the mentally disabled tend to forget the word "restraint") and turning in a performance that's controlled and mesmerizing.	In the end, The Soloist can take a bow for its effort but shouldn't be expecting any encores.	It's all a bit shapeless, yet made with sincerity and taste, and the two actors seize your sympathy.	Just as director Joe Wright conveyed the multiplicity of emotion at the Dunkirk beachhead in Atonement, he conducts his version of downtown L.A. with a maestro's baton.	The Soloist brings to life its story with genuine compassion, neatly avoiding many of the traps that afflict Hollywood films about mental illness. And Jamie Foxx's transformation will simply astound.	Though it features strong performances by its lead players, a lack of narrative focus prevents The Soloist from hitting its mark.
Parents may need to give a reassuring squeeze now and then, but Coraline is the best kind of children's entertainment -- smartly told and deeply felt.	A gift to imagination.	Creative visual effects but little emotional vibrancy in the central story.	Coraline's dangerous predicament, coupled with the eye-popping set design, makes for a sinister and menacing universe that provides excitement and thrills, but may be a little too intense for younger viewers used to more sanitised fare.	This animated fairytale is visually dazzling, fun and weaves an atmosphere somewhere between magical and creepy.	With its vivid stop-motion animation combined with Neil Gaiman's imaginative story, Coraline is a film that's both visually stunning and wondrously entertaining.
It's a slice of reality hidden under a narrative veneer, illustrating the plight of Iran's muzzled arts community. That's hard-to-resist stuff, and it makes Persian Cats purr.	It might have been a better idea for the makers of No One Knows About Persian Cats to make a straightforward documentary.	A vibrant, engaging portrait of a generation bursting with repressed creativity.	Over and over, the movie stops in its tracks to listen to musicians play, offering witness to their travails and ingenuity.	There's a real life-threatening risk being in this pic.	Bringing a dose of humor and a fresh perspective to a very serious subject, No One Knows About Persian Cats is an exhilarating, quietly powerful tribute to the courage of Iran's underground musicians.
Taken does have a few glaring weaknesses, but there wasn't a minute that went by when I wasn't entertained or glued to my seat. And when I go see a mindless action film, that's the thing I care about most.	Taken, which tells the story of how Liam Neeson blows a gasket and flies off to France and kills 75 Albanians in 90 minutes, is crisp, efficient and deeply insane.	If you took Commando and replaced all its humour (intentional or otherwise) with snarling hatred, you'd end up with Taken - a risible male-re-empowerment fantasy.	Taken is the best action thriller of 2009 thus far.	It's fun for about 15 minutes seeing Neeson do James Bond as Daddy Dangerous. But the surprise wears off quickly.	Taken is undeniably fun with slick action, but is largely a brainless exercise.
At 85 minutes, it's a tight, sharp achievement, yet one of the things I love about it is simple: It moves to a relaxed rhythm, in sync with its slightly otherworldly subject.	Music executive Clarence Avant says Rodriguez sold about six copies of each of his two albums. Multiply that by the number of people who see this movie.	Archive footage is seamlessly interwoven with interviews, building to a glorious final flourish that makes your heart sing.	A soulful, lip-tremblingly joyous movie that's one of the more affecting experiences I've had in a cinema this year.	If you like music, a good mystery or, better yet, a combination of both, you won't be disappointed.	A fascinating portrait of a forgotten musical pioneer, Searching for Sugar Man is by turns informative and mysterious.
It's fun spotting stars under cakes of make-up and the panache, great supporting cast and good-natured, old-fashioned feel make for a better movie than you remember.	For all its superficial pleasures, Dick Tracy ultimately flounders because it provides an audience with nothing to take home and dream about.	So deliberately, carefully shallow, so conceptually audacious; and yes, so unearthly beautiful in every last frame.	Lame and tedious comic book film. Try THE SHADOW or THE ROCKETEER instead.	Saved from sheer mediocrity by Al Pacino	Dick Tracy is stylish, unique, and an undeniable technical triumph, but it ultimately struggles to rise above its two-dimensional artificiality.
Gets a lot of mileage from Thompson's full commitment to Travers' testiness.	As with so many American films of late, the acting in Saving Mr Banks is superlative...Tom Hanks presents Walt Disney as a lovable extension of his TV persona while Emma Thompson is the stone-heart whose must inevitably soften.	Even if this comes off like an ad for Disney, it's convincing and contains some of Disney's patented magic -- especially with a predictable, yet effective, emotional ending.	Though about one of the most undeniably commercial movie companies in history, there's something enjoyably strange about Saving Mr. Banks, and its gallery of unusual characters.	A surprisingly apologetic celebration of Papa Walt and the herculean effort required to bring Mary Poppins to screen.	Aggressively likable and sentimental to a fault, Saving Mr. Banks pays tribute to the Disney legacy with excellent performances and sweet, high-spirited charm.
A lively and clever sci-fi feature with colorful characters and a villain that is far more than the usual cardboard cutout.	Serenity is exciting. It moves at a brisk pace, and (Joss) Whedon has a wonderful ear for dialogue ...	Horrible.	There's no denying Whedon's talent for dialogue, and for once, it feels less like scripted dialogue and more like real conversation.	If you're familiar with the "Firefly" characters, you'll enjoy the episodic action far more than those who aren't.	Snappy dialogue and goofy characters make this Wild Wild West soap opera in space fun and adventurous.
Choose the part that suits your taste, but this is a case where half a movie -- either half -- is apt to be better than the whole.	For all those who cottoned to the charm of the comic books, the duck stops here.	As the film shifts from drab, duck-out-of-water comedy to madcap chase caper, things modestly improve.	Who was this stupid film made for?	Howard the Duck is the first clear sign that George Lucas, who exec produced this mess, ran out of pixie dust after wrapping "Return of the Jedi.	While it has its moments, Howard the Duck suffers from an uneven tone and mediocre performances.
Even the considerable charms of both Smith and the personable character he plays may not be enough to keep audiences from growing impatient to get to the good stuff.	Hokey title, but sometimes movie is good.	Smith's charm, which he has used to great effect in everything from sitcoms to action movies, matures here onscreen. He's suddenly the new Tom Hanks...	Smith's performance is definitely on par with Julia Roberts' in Erin Brockovich.	Smith may be the closest Hollywood has to a modern Cary Grant, an instantly likable actor comfortable in every role he attempts.	Will Smith's heartfelt performance elevates The Pursuit of Happyness above mere melodrama.
An agreeably uplifting movie that doesn't cheat its way (too much) to its life-affirming conclusion.	From its first frame to its final fade-out, In America is about her family's passage into the land of dreams, a place where wishes do come true, but only if you understand how to make them.	Lesson-laden, tear-jerking fairy tale.	No one has ever told an immigrant story quite like this.	There’s nothing quite like a movie with characters you fall in love with, characters you actually miss when the lights go up.	A rich and moving story about an immigrant family adjusting to life in New York.
El Crimen Perfecto has energy, color, spirit and lively performances, but what it does not have are very many laughs.	Dark comedy with lots of laughs - too bad the ending doesn't fit the ferpecto beginning.	A luscious ode to Latin machismo and the fragile state of the male ego.	The Spanish have been masters of sly black comedy, and El Crimen Perfecto (The Perfect Crime) is a splendid example.	Often amusing black comedy.	If you like your comedies wicked and pitch-black, El Crimen Perfecto delivers without flinching.
The outrage of actor-turned- writer-director Peter Mullan is palpable, and every frame of this shocking and occasionally exploitative film is designed to ensure that this reaction is contagious.	Mullan's movie is undeniably heart-wrenching, but it's also overwrought, sometimes reducing what we're seeing on screen to the level of a very disturbing cartoon.	It's occasionally heavy-handed and emotionally manipulative, but the subject matter justifies the anger you'll feel.	Two hours of, "This is wrong!" can be difficult to bear. What makes The Magdalene Sisters much better than a censorious browbeating is the girls themselves...	The real-life story behind The Magdalene Sisters is harrowing enough without writer-director Peter Mullan's melodramatic embellishments.	A typical women-in-prision film made untypical because it's based on real events.
Tyldum's highly accomplished and darkly comical thriller should be seen and savoured for its poise, pace and Hennie, as well as for its filmmaking techniques ...	To say too much about this taut, and often quite gory, shocking and surprising twisty mystery would spoil the freezer-burn fun.	Do yourself a favor and see this one before some Yank director gets it all wrong.	Nothing is exactly illogical and each surprise is cleverly prepared for in this cool, brutal, intelligent movie.	...a first-class thriller with tension-enhancing music and Hitchcockian-quality cinematography highlighted by a sparkling performance by Aksel Hennie.	Grisly, twisty, and darkly comic, Headhunters is an exhilaratingly oddball take on familiar thriller elements.
Devalued-dollar documentary drives home the point that a country which consumes more than it produces is unsustainable.	[A] timely documentary...There is a sense of urgency that propels Creadon's cautionary narrative as an alarming wake-up call to financial discipline.	A solid informational piece on a fiscal reality than can really be called a national emergency.	It's too bad Creadon breezes through potential solutions to the problem and ends his film with what basically amounts to a Rock the Vote ad.	as essential viewing as any common sense advice you've received from parents/grandparents about living within your means	A potent and lithely constructed documentary about America's financial crisis, I.O.U.S.A grabs you with figures but holds you with irreverent wit.
In any other hands this might seem like paper-thin stuff, but Streisand's a consummate professional with the Midas touch.	The fun is there whenever Streisand is, and that could be reason enough for reacquainting yourself with Funny Girl.	One of the all-time great film musicals with dazzling Streisand.	Songs like "Don't Rain on My Parade" live triumphantly on.	This extended Streisand Special has done absolutely nothing to correct the flaws in the Broadway original.	Barbara Streisand elevates this otherwise rote melodramatic musical with her ultra-memorable star turn as Fanny Brice.
Kline is so polished and resourceful that he can glide his way through even the creakiest bits and make them seem fresh.	Charming comedy.	Although its politics may be shaky, this comedy still works thank to the charm of Kline and an excellent supporting cast.	Arrant nonsense mixed with goo.	A highly-enjoyable, fresh, and energetic motion picture that even the most hard-bitten cynic will be hard-pressed to condemn.	Ivan Reitman's refreshingly earnest political comedy benefits from an understated, charming script and a breezy performance by Kevin Kline.
Everything seems too glossy, crises are resolved too easily, situations seem pat.	It's as soft and squishy as anything by Nora Ephron or pre-caustic Woody Allen.	It's just a lot of fun.	This feel-good romantic comedy will make audiences laugh, smile, squeeze out a tear or two and walk away happy and satisfied.	The very existence of a movie like Keeping the Faith inevitably leads one to wonder whether God has a sense of humor.	A dramedy featuring an unusual love triangle, Keeping the Faith is a perceptive look at how religion affects us in everyday life.
The visuals are often astounding. Believe me, I take no joy in recommending a 3-D viewing, but I can only see it adding to this experience.	An impressive sequel that leaves us cheering for the noble ideal of animals and humans living together in peace and harmony.	Witty, rousing, heartwarming, sensational-looking, and at times touching, uplifting and even moving---and proof that Hollywood's still making movies that virtually all ages can enjoy, appreciate and admire.	It's good enough to have these wonderful characters back on the screen, but the production has managed to renew purpose and construct fresh objectives without tarnishing the blinding spirit of the original movie.	Provides a grandiose feeling that you're watching something truly special.	Exciting, emotionally resonant, and beautifully animated, How to Train Your Dragon 2 builds on its predecessor's successes just the way a sequel should.
Sadly, we see more of [Knightley's] boudoir than her brain, the main downfall of this no-expense-spared lavish period piece.	A worthwhile addition to a genre that's been driven into the ground by weaker filmmakers who know where to rent the costumes, but don't understand the importance of storytelling.	You'd think a film where the titular character gets drunk at a party and sets her wig on fire would be more fun.	The Duchess is this season's "painted cinema." All the colors are there and it's never hard to look at, but it's ultimately as two-dimensional as a trip to the art gallery.	Though extravagantly pretty, The Duchess still manages to be a costume drama in which the drama survives the costumes.	While The Duchess treads the now-familiar terrain of the corset-ripper, the costumes look great and Keira Knightley's performance is stellar in this subtly feminist, period drama.
This alleged action-comedy is flatter than a tortilla in a panini press...C'mon, Kevin Smith, quit smoking weed and write a new movie of your own.	The whole enterprise plays out like a bad, dumbed-down US version of Hot Fuzz, or Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang, minus Robert Downey Jr and the meticulously structured verbal riffs.	Cop Out is a case study in how you can do everything right in theory and everything wrong in practice.	A movie that makes little sense, is dumb when it's not being stupid and yet is still at times laugh-out-loud funny.	A pathetic action-comedy from a guy who can't film action, featuring stars who have the chemistry of Play-Doh and a rock.	Cop Out is a cliched buddy action/comedy that suffers from stale gags and slack pacing.
a striking debut	A thought-provoking documentary that's both informative and strangely poignant--as well as beautifully shot and edited.	Although Dunn focuses on the particular situation as it has unfolded in Austin, the film is universal, working as a microcosmic model of similar struggles taking place all over the country.	One of the great documentaries of our time, The Unforeseen is a rapturous nightmare.	This one purports to be different by including interviews with the evil, rich developers, but the film is very subtly slanted away from them.	A calm documentary that doesn't resort to shrill polemics, The Unforeseen also benefits from great interview subjects and jaw-dropping cinematography.
The result is far from convincing -- though its sentimental melodrama may appeal to women of a certain age who are looking for an alternative to bingo.	...Mostly a load of pretentious crap, but it has its moments.	On screen, "Ya-Ya" unfolds like a raucous girls' night out comedy that breaks every 15 minutes or so for grim, often heavy-handed scenes that might have been pulled from a Tennessee Williams' anthology.	It wasn't like having my teeth pulled. It just wasn't special. And that was frustrating, because this cast was more than extraordinary.	Gives us a lot to enjoy and something most studio movies don't even try for: an attempt at the richness, density and sheer contrariness of life.	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is more melodramatic than emotionally truthful, and uneven in its mixture of time periods, actresses, laughter and tears.
If you're looking for gunning gangsta action on a hot summer night, Waist Deep is an effective-enough story of urban outlaws in love and on the run. It's sweet, sweaty stuff, for a while at least.	"Die Hard" meets "Boyz N'The Hood". Audaciously enthralling	The dialogue by Curtis-Hall and Darin Scott is a degrading string of profanities and inanities, interspersed with sadism and exploitation of women. Their opinion of their target audience should depress moviegoers of any color.	For its ever shifting attitudes toward men, women, and murder, Waist Deep is one of the sloppiest movies ever to reach the screen.	A witless urban drama that's too serious for its own good and that never met a cliché it didn't like.	A well-meaning B-movie that suffers from a cliche-ridden script and poorly drawn characters that fail to inspire much sympathy.
The movie pretty much collapses upon the fulcrum of Kyle MacLachlan's Cary Grant.	An uncomfortable jumble of Harvey, Bend It Like Beckham and The Birdcage.	Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.	Could have made more of its quirks, but for all its sincerity, it's just another banal coming-out movie.	It's all wearisome and pathetic.	Kyle MacLachlan does a very good imitation Cary Grant in this forced and contrived tale.
Nothing particularly memorable or spectacular...	An exercise in stylish, seductive and cinematically self-referential finesse.	Almodovar is that rarest of filmmakers -- one whose work becomes more daring with each film.	Strap yourself in for a wild ride.	An original story told by one of the best contemporary filmmakers, Bad Education is a mesmerizing movie experience.	A layered, wonderfully-acted, and passionate drama.
The good, Will Smith is a brilliant actor. The bad, Seven Pounds isn't nearly as brilliant as Will Smith.	Seven Pounds may be the most spiritual picture of the holiday season; this story of redemption is a gift for moviegoers.	The creepiest version yet of the Magical Negro routine	Reactions to the movie will largely depend on whether or not viewers decide this time that the divine Mr. Smith has overreached. I say he has -- but I can't tell you why.	It's not what you'd call any good, but Claude Lelouch fans, say, might relish its grandiose romantic gestures in the face of all known logic.	Grim and morose, Seven Pounds is also undone by an illogical plot.
Though it has plenty of shocks, the film creates a wasteland that would be compellingly deranged even without vampires pressing insistently at every border. Horror is just the half of it.	Director Jim Mickle, who co-wrote the film with his star Nick Damici, has crafted a good-looking, well-played and atmospheric apocalyptic vision.	There's a scruffy immediacy to the direction... but also a grace to the imagery and a commitment to the performances.	Enjoyable post-apocalyptic horror that plays like a non-comedy version of Zombieland, thanks to strong performances, an engaging script and some assured, pacey direction.	Like the film version of Cormac McCarthy's The Road, it has quasi-religious overtones and one very good scene...	Though the genre is well worn at this point, director Jim Mickle focuses on strong characterization and eerie atmosphere to craft an effective apocalyptic vampire chiller that also manages to pack a mean punch.
The parts are greater than the whole in "Barney's Version," a rambling look at a shambling man's adventures in love.	Yes, it's well acted and frequently touching. But it's the thoughtful, tasteful indie-film version. It's not exactly Barney's version.	Barney's Version is worth seeing for Giamatti's boisterous yet nuanced portrayal and the energetic but wry performance from Hoffman.	...a nicely crafted film by longtime TV director Richard J. Lewis and his talented cast and crew.	What really sells it as a story is star Paul Giamatti's boisterous, wide-ranging and seductive performance.	With a magnificent performance by Paul Giamatti, Barney's Version offers much comedy and insight to the complexities of modern romance.
Strikes just the right balance of irony and sincerity...genuinely heartwarming, from its opening dedication to Henson and Hunt to its joy-to-the-world finale. [Blu-ray]	It's enough to make one wonder if Jim Henson would have wanted things to take this course.	The little green guy just isn't quite the same these days.	Like all the Muppet movies, this one is a musical, with original songs by Paul Williams (my favorite is the early chain-rattling duet by the Marley brothers). It could have done with a few more songs than it has.	Fun, but seems to be missing a magical tone that'd you'd hope for when combining the Muppets and Dickens.	It may not be the finest version of Charles Dickens' tale to grace the screen, but The Muppet Christmas Carol is funny and heartwarming, and serves as a good introduction to the story for young viewers.
Somewhat in keeping with its narrative's spectacle of deception, the comedown of this sugar rush of a film might not reveal the most nutritious consumption, but sometimes the messiest concoctions have a better taste.	It truly is a good movie that will get the audience sucked in; however the tone that David O. Russell has been able to inject into his films takes surprisingly long to surface here.	... pay your money and take the ride,... laugh and ... be strangely moved by the odd-looking creatures Russell has assembled for his latest ensemble play.	Look, I think this is a fabulous film.	Loose, wandering, and often monotonous.	Riotously funny and impeccably cast, American Hustle compensates for its flaws with unbridled energy and some of David O. Russell's most irrepressibly vibrant direction.
Guest goes for the cheap laugh, and for the most part, most of the characters are dislikeable idiots.	The first 45 minutes are amusing enough, but the movie ascends to another level with the second-half introduction of Fred Willard as commentator Buck Laughlin.	You come away wishing that Guest could deliver a new mockumentary not every so often but every year.	Dog Freaks: The Movie!	I enjoyed Best in Show... But I didn't laugh as hard as I did during Guest's previous comedies, This Is Spinal Tap and Waiting for Guffman.	A fine example of writer-director-star Christopher Guest's gift for improv comedy, Best in Show boasts an appealingly quirky premise and a brilliantly talented cast.
This is one call you should definitely miss.	It's not even remotely scary, which leaves the horror fans out. But it's also way too boring to even poke fun at.	When it comes to scary movies, the Japanese have it figured out. Unfortunately, commercial filmmakers in the United States usually don't.	Decent if derivative.	Call is the first major motion picture release of 2008, in charge of setting the tone for the lengthy year to come. My friends, the future does not look promising. In fact, it feels like a swift kick to the groin.	One of the weakest entries in the J-horror remake sweepstakes, One Missed Call is undone by bland performances and shopworn shocks.
Hugo is a work steeped in cinema lore, drunk on the fumes of a bygone era yet canny enough to channel its nostalgia through modern innovations.	Scorsese's film is a richly illustrated lesson in cinema history and the best argument for 3-D since James Cameron's Avatar.	Spectacular book adaptation is great for tweens and up.	Believe it or not, the director of Taxi Driver, Raging Bull and The Departed has made a family adventure for the ages.	It is glorious to be thrown and blown about in this make-believe metropolis. The digitally enhanced shapes and colours suggest Jeunet and Caro reworked by a polychromatic Piranesi.	Hugo is an extravagant, elegant fantasy with an innocence lacking in many modern kids' movies, and one that emanates an unabashed love for the magic of cinema.
The Night of the Hunter (1955) is a truly compelling and terrifying classic masterpiece thriller, and the only film ever directed by actor Charles Laughton	As crude, direct, rattling, mystifying and exciting as American movies get.	A unique, terrifying masterpiece.	Laughton creates terrific tension between Mitchum and his prey, turning the preacher into a bloodthirsty wolf and Willa's children into tender lambs.	Half a century later, actor Charles sLaughton's only film as a director, is as still riveting, haunting, and impressive on any level. Like other masterpieces, it was both an artistic and commercial flop when initially released in 1955.	Featuring Robert Mitchum's formidable performance as child-hunting preacher, The Night of the Hunter is a disturbing look at good and evil.
While "Dawn Treader" still had the look, it didn't feel like a Narnia film because of its meandering storyline.	Simple and satisfying; the best of the three	The Voyage of the Dawn Treader may not reinvent the fantasy genre, it may not transcend the medium, but it is an impressive feat of imagination.	At least the sea serpent -- part cobra, part eel -- is fierce, and welcome...	You know you're not worth saving when the House of Mouse gives up on you.	Its leisurely, businesslike pace won't win the franchise many new fans, but Voyage of the Dawn Treader restores some of the Narnia franchise's lost luster with strong performances and impressive special effects.
Fun performances from Routh and Huntington can't make up for an extremely convoluted and mostly soulless story -- even when there's a giant zombie running around.	Director Munroe is clearly a fan and attempted his best on an admittedly limited budget, but some things just don't translate that well.	Dylan Dog: Dead Of Night is a fun comedy/horror whodunnit with a supernatural twist. It delivers plenty of movie fun too, just like those campy 80's monster flicks.	Isn't awful, but it is awfully familiar,...coming across as something that might appear on the SciFi Network on a Saturday night.	The film longs to be a hip skewering of noir and monster movies but instead is kneecapped by mediocre effects, indifferent performances and a generally dull design.	An uninspired, feebly-acted horror/comedy that produces little scares and laughs.
One of the all-time great romantic films stars Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullavan as two slightly antagonistic clerks working in the same store who do not realize they have been corresponding with one another and are in love.	Lubitsch demonstrates that romantic comedies, like popcorn, can be enjoyed salty as well as sweet.	Not Lubitsch at the top of his form, but good.	The charm of the gimmick in Lubitsch's take is passed over quickly in favor of studying both its effects on those involved, as well as the dynamics of the workplace at large.	This might be Lubitsch's gentlest work: sweetness mixed with a genuine sadness.	Deftly directed by Ernst Lubitsch from a smart, funny script by Samson Raphaelson, The Shop Around the Corner is a romantic comedy in the finest sense of the term.
Serves up the usual homilies, but it lacks the quirky density and cinematic snap of, for instance, Jonathan Demme in his Melvin and Howard period.	A heartwarming and sometimes inspirational couple of hours.	A swamp of clichés, contrivances, and cheap ham-and-cheese hero sentimentality.	Heart definitely lacks much of the earthy lyricism it's obviously striving for.	Carries the rank stink of hokum, and nasty hokum to boot.	Poor script and messy plot undermines the decent cast.
That best supporting actor Oscar for Jerry Maguire is beginning to look more and more like a fluke.	When he's not keening and shucking and jiving and behaving altogether spastically, Cuba kicks into full-on "dramatic mode" and the results are unquestionably more amusing.	There's some real gold within the 'hey, let's put on a show to save the church and along the way the soul of a decent man gone astray' by-the-bookster, if you can just strain out all the leaden Hollywoodisms.	The Fighting Temptations exists for its rousing gospel soundtrack, which is at times so good that you can forgive the movie its flaws.	The Fighting Temptations soars toward heaven like an eagle whenever folks cut loose with a gospel song. When they open their mouths to speak painfully trite dialogue, the movie thuds to Earth like a ruptured duck.	The music is the only saving grace in this predictable and eager-to-please comedy.
Plain and human and profoundly warmed by the appealing James of Siyabonga Melongisi Shibe.	Alexandrowciz's first feature is a scathing condemnation of the rampant venality he perceives as having gripped his country.	It's a sweet and effective present-day fable.	A deceptively modest fable of innocence abroad that resonates with the situation within Israel and without.	Much of the charm of James is attributable to Siyabonga Melongisi Shibe, the absorbing South African actor who portrays the enchantingly guileless religious pilgrim of the title.	A smart and funny social satire about modern-day Jerusalem.
Muddah, Faddah, kindly disregard this fil-m.	Daddy Day Camp is a recruiting poster for kids, insisting that there's no domestic problem that military values can't solve.	Cuba 'Show me the money!' Gooding, Jr. stars in this utterly predictable, unfunny, infantile test of patience and waste of ninety minutes of my life I can never get back. Show me the exit!	Have your little ones already seen Ratatouille and rented Thunderpants?	It's a bit sad to see this talented, Oscar-winning actor reduced to taking Murphy's cast-off parts, but Gooding does fine with what the movie gives him.	A mirthless, fairly desperate family film, Daddy Day Camp relies too heavily on bodily functions for comedic effect, resulting in plenty of cheap gags but no laughs.
Classic musical romp with dated premise is silly fun.	When it sparkles, which it does more often than not, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is simply one of the most delicious musicals of the period.	there is not one single moment when these characters, or this rightful classic, wear out their welcome	There is that about Miss Russell and also about Miss Monroe that keeps you looking at them even when they have little or nothing to do. Call it inherent magnetism. Call it luxurious coquetry. Call it whatever you fancy.	Howard Hawks' joyous musical comedy of 1953 is the film that catapulted Marilyn Monroe to major stardom and iconic status as sex symbol.	Anchored by Marilyn Monroe and Jane Russell's sparkling magnetism, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is a delightfully entertaining 1950s musical.
It shows us Indy's origin and even ends with him riding off into the sunset after completing the ultimate quest of finding the Holy Grail. I mean how do you top that?	The chemistry between its two stars is a thing of dreams, but the plot is a tad too episodic to make it a classic.	...it's impossible to deny the film's status as the very best of the series' sequels...	Captures some of the sense of fun that infused the first movie while using the addition of Sean Connery to up the comedic ante and provide a father/son dynamic.	Fans of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas' Indiana Jones series may rest assured that the latest installment, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, is fully up to, as well as virtually indistinguishable from, its predecessors.	Lighter and more comedic than its predecessor, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade returns the series to the brisk serial adventure of Raiders, while adding a dynamite double act between Harrison Ford and Sean Connery.
A film that gives us an unprecedented look at one of nature's miracles.	Though it seems like a somewhat wasted opportunity to shed some light on these creatures, you can't fault Mr. Jacquet for his efforts.	For genuine drama, action, and emotion, the docu March of the Penguins is better than all of Hollywood's actioners; no wonder it's breaking box-office records	Contando com dois diretores de fotografia, A Marcha dos Pingüins traz um cenário impressionante, com suas geleiras imensas e a sempre fascinante aurora austral.	Jacquet has made an absorbing, visually spectacular film.	Only the most hardened soul won't be moved by this heartwarming doc.
This movie remembers what fun is.	a mixture of live-action and stop-motion animation that is heavy on fever-dream spectacle, but fairly shallow in terms of character	The animated segments are wonderful, but they jar badly with the ill-conceived live-action pieces which open and close the film.	James and the Giant Peach shines with weird, whimsical invention.	Despite a lightness of plot, it most beautifully captures the book's free-floating, fantastic sense of adventure and wonder.	The arresting and dynamic visuals, offbeat details and light-as-air storytelling make James and the Giant Peach solid family entertainment.
Director Francis Ford Coppola's paranoid classic is brilliantly revived on DVD.	A wonderfully intelligent experience.	Both Coppola and Hackman have done showier work than The Conversation, but none so chilling, real or powerful.	The Conversation is for me the masterpiece of American cinema.	Though the film is an acknowledged tribute to Michelangelo Antonioni's Blowup (1966), The Conversation has aged far better than that '60s relic.	This tense, paranoid thriller presents Francis Ford Coppola at his finest -- and makes some remarkably advanced arguments about technology's role in society that still resonate today.
This is the kind of sophisticated and pleasurable movie you dream of seeing from France.	The performances...make it worth soldiering past many obvious doubts (how hard is it to say, "You're in the wrong office"?) to find out what happens.	the French answer to Steven Shainberg's 2002 adventure into obsession, Secretary	A brilliant entertainment, highlighted by Luchini's almost constantly perplexed expression...a subtle tale of personal relationships.	A seamless, sensual film; its dialogue is sprinkled with double entendre and wit.	Intimate Strangers is Hitchcockian noir with a Gallic twist: Rather than simply imitating the genre's form, director/screenwriter Patrice Leconte delves into the underlying psychological drama.
A great rollicking romp about second chances and turning back time. Jennifer Garner is particularly delicious in her exuberant innocence. She's a natural comedienne.	Jennifer Garner stars in a romantic comedy with Mark Ruffalo that reminds you of Tom Hanks movie "Big".	It may not be an affront to most parents' standards in terms of content, but its intellectual offensiveness is obvious.	The sheer predictability of the plot means it doesn't really stand up to the scrutiny of anyone older than 15.	Garner manages a natural sweetness that sells Jenna's inherent adolescence, and her wide-mouthed grin wipes the grime off of the simplistic script	The plot's nothing new, but Garner shows a lovable flair for romantic comedies.
Several of the movie's farcical moments feel forced and strained.	Cute, cloying and catastrophically predictable.	Audiences will fall in love with Bridget Jones and Zellweger all over again.	If there's a silver-lining to any of this, maybe the film could become a bestselling educational DVD, under the title, 'Mistakes to Avoid While Making a Sequel.'	Although it is not quite as funny or believable as the first movie, the lovable Ms. Jones just squeaks by on her own (and her returning co-stars') charisma.	Edge of Reason is a predictable continuation to the Bridget Jones story, with too much slapstick and silliness.
Shyamalan's ideas might have more impact in a half-hour 'Twilight Zone' episode, where they would be shorn of some of the pretensions that seem to be mandatory in the feature-length work of a one-time Best Director Oscar nominee.	It's also a bit sneaky of Shyamalan to set us up for a paranoid 9/11 thriller and then go all Greenpeace on us. He's trying to be socially conscious but he doesn't have the reformist's temperament. He has the temperament of a self-infatuated messiah.	What's more annoying than when a mediocre movie constantly males allusions to much better pictures? I know, it's when you wait an hour and a half for a solution this pathetic.	Shyamalan's latest film is the first in a long time that I can't defend.	Ouch. 'Lady in the Water' was a dud. And for its ghastliness, filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan took one to the chin. He got back up again, though, to make 'The Happening.'This one's gonna hurt.	The Happening begins with promise, but unfortunately descends into an incoherent and unconvincing trifle.
Fans like Bruce Springsteen and Bob Dylan express unvarnished awe, but it's the well-told arc of Seeger's life that makes the strongest impression, as director Jim Brown takes us from the highs to the lows and back up again.	Pete Seeger: The Power of Song could have been called Pete Seeger: The First Punk. As the film traces the singer's long life, it also, inevitably, tracks the evolution of American countercultures through much of the 20th century.	A stirring, revelatory film, which captures Seeger as the media-age Johnny Appleseed of folk.	The Power of Song shows this icon of 20th-century music to be a man of passion and principle, and a true American. An important figure, an important film.	A love letter to the singer.	Pete Seeger: The Power of Song is both a tribute to a legendary singer and an informative account of the birth of American counterculture.
Connery was very good in this role, and his presence is the reason why The Rock doesn't suck as bad as it could have.	The borrowings from other movies, going all the way back to the car chase in 1968's Bullitt, are heavy. But Bay has three leads to lend weight and dimension to characters who are hardly original and flatly written.	Slick and forceful, largely unconcerned with character, eager for any opportunity to pump up the volume both literally and metaphorically, The Rock is the kind of efficient entertainment that is hard to take pleasure in.	[A] 2 1/4-hour exercise in overkill.	The Rock has its moments, but ultimately overshoots the target.	For visceral thrills, it can't be beat. Just don't expect The Rock to engage your brain.
It's a cute love story wrapped in a comedy which never loses sight of the sweetnees among the crazy, outrageous moments.	Caloric with whimsy but lacks distinctive dramatic weight, to a degree that it ceases to be a movie and transforms into something resembling a tiresome Diet Coke commercial.	Tinny teens dragged through mirth-free misadventures one New York night.	It's about time we had an answer to Sixteen Candles, Superbad and Dazed and Confused set in New York City.	This small teen romance has the snap and crackle of early Doug Liman movies (Swingers, Go) and a charm all its own.	Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist combines a pair of charming leads, the classic New York backdrop, and a sweet soundtrack.
Every Little Step is on firmer ground with the 2006 revival; the filmmakers' great coup was winning the right ..to film the audition process.	A straightforward boosterish movie about the glory of musicals.	An immensely entertaining documentary about dancers performing in a grueling New York City audition for roles in a revival of A Chorus Line.	I know what to expect. I am going to see some dancers make it, some not make it, and that's what it is.	A briskly self-aware, thoroughly stage-struck portrait ... of a show that itself is a stage-struck theatrical portrait.	Fascinating and insightful, Every Little Step is a thoroughly engrossing behind the scenes look at Broadway performers.
It's impossible not to cry at their suffering, but whether you'll feel anything is another story.	How many new ways can you dramatize icy gales, parched deserts, agonizing thirst, shimmering mirages? And how do you step up the pace of a story that's about people walking?	Weir and editor Lee Smith seem preoccupied with hustling events along, and nervous about boring us for even a second. The result is a brisk trot through a story that is, at heart, a tough slog.	[The actors give] with warm performances from everyone involved, especially Farrell as a dangerous, but boisterous misfit.	At times it's grueling, and even difficult to watch, but it's a remarkably powerful film.	It isn't as emotionally involving as it should be, but this Peter Weir epic offers sweeping ambition and strong performances to go with its grand visual spectacle.
Idiocracy is an unabashedly elitist film that includes fart jokes.	Many people -- at least, a few people -- have noted the dumbing-down of America, but no one until Judge has blamed it on genetics	If the world is going to hell in any number of handbaskets -- as Judge so acutely demonstrates that it is -- you might as well hitch a ride in his.	Even if the film contains the single biggest laugh I've had this year at the movies, Idiocracy is a terribly muddled affair.	Hmm, it's tough to figure out if this is Judge's joking way of figuring out who's the more evolved lowlife of the future.	Idiocracy delivers the hilarity and biting satire that could only come from Mike Judge.
A miracle of virtuoso acting and understated filmmaking..This is slice-of-life drama that is cosmic in its microcosmic depth. The whole world exists in these scenes.	Desperation and fulfillment, anxiety and warmth, pain and contentment -- all come together in the darkly splendid Another Year.	full review at Movies for the Masses	Another Year is forecasting Mary's future, telling us the grim truth that there is such a thing in life as being "too late." It's the kind of pronouncement that only those in utter despair or comfortable cynicism can make. I fear Leigh is more the latter.	Even for Mike Leigh, this film feels like a rather subdued slice-of-life in which nothing much really happens. But it's impeccably made at every level, with bracingly sharp performances and a ruthlessly honest script.	Characterized by strong performances and the director's trademark feel for the nuances of everyday life, Another Year marks another solid entry in Mike Leigh's career of kitchen-sink English drama.
Robbins tips the balance with his one-dimensional performance, and the earnest script follows in kind, settling for the sort of paternalistic take on black power and dignity that has dogged virtually every film like this.	Both harrowing and hopeful.	The narrative resists the grandiosity of Vendetta and the self-righteousness of Syriana.	This isn't a movie of stark, black-and-white villainy. Instead, you get a real sense of the controlling impulses that power breeds.	There certainly have been many, less relevant films set in South Africa in recent years.	No stranger to the political thriller, director Phillip Noyce tackles apartheid and terrorism with experienced gusto, while Derek Luke and Tim Robbins hand in nuanced performances.
The character can only exist among silly, somewhat desperate women. This makes the willing suspension of disbelief a tad tougher for half the viewing populace.	The sex may be great, but you're left feeling somewhat cheated by the rest of the story.	Self-destructs despite being quite entertaining and consistently amusing.	The ending is as predictable as it is insulting in the degree to which it disappoints.	Sweet, likable and consistently engaging, if so insubstantial that it's always on the verge of blowing away.	Although some of the characters' motivation may not be that clear, the movie is still a funny and sexy charmer.
Kristin Scott Thomas seems to want to move things in a ( ... )more challenging direction, but I've Loved You So Long is too polite, too bent on being emotionally accessible, to follow her.	Utterly absorbing.	Philippe Claudel is adept at adding emotional filigree to the solid three-act structure.	This is Scott Thomas' film, and she commands it with a quiet performance (literally), conveying a range of conflicted emotions through her expressive eyes and gaunt, ashen features.	Has the precision and reticence of a good novella or short story...[and] an outstanding lead performance from Kristin Scott Thomas.	I've Loved You So Long is a sublimely acted family drama as well as a noteworthy directorial debut from Phillipe Claudel.
Swank, here demonstrating that for as wooden and exasperating as her performance is in this picture, it's the only performance she's ever contributed to any film.	The film does have a few warm moments and is at its best when simply developing the relationship between Miyagi and Julie. But, as you might expect, those moments are few and far between and overshadowed by all the ludicrous plotting.	One time to the well too many.	A few pre-prom dance lessons are the only significant departure from the tried and tested chop-socky formula, although Michael Ironside is good value as Swank's sinister gym teacher.	It's a decent enough entry into the Karate Kid series, if you don't mind having seen it all done before, and better.	The Next Karate Kid is noteworthy for giving audiences the chance to see a pre-Oscars Hilary Swank, but other than a typically solid performance from Pat Morita, this unnecessary fourth installment in the franchise has very little to offer.
If you're new to this crazy Mel Brooks creation, this 2005 cinematic torture chamber is the last way anyone should experience it for the first time.	It may be that as audiences queue up for this latest incarnation of Brooks' undying brainchild - - not unlike the patrons who turn back to their seats, mid-exit, during the opening-night performance of Springtime for Hitler - - the joke is on them.	The 'zany' performances are like a well-oiled machine, and, consequently, much of the movie comes across as mechanical.	There's no business like show business, and the musical Producers' considerable success showed the original movie to have been prophetic -- of itself.	A movie is in serious trouble when my pervading thought is how much I'd rather be watching the play.	Despite the rich source material, The Producers has a stale, stagy feel more suited to the theater than the big screen.
Like the best art, documentary films can provoke strong emotions -- and The Devil Came on Horseback is definitely provocative.	[Steidle's photos] cannot be viewed without flinching, but they must be seen by as many people as possible.	Powerful, impressively directed and desperately moving documentary that highlights one of the world's most vicious injustices and the shocking refusal of Western governments to do anything about it.	Devil ponders the optimism/pessimism = apathy/x equation as honestly and studiously as any doc I've ever seen.	I really enjoyed the style of the film. Using [subject] Steidle's pictures he took while he narrates the letters he sent to his sister during his time in Sudan really make for an interesting narrative.	The Devil Came on Horseback is both a strong primer on the complexities of the situation in Darfur and a harrowing first-person doc.
Unsparing in its portrayal of the seedier side of French society, only Polisse's loose focus keeps it from matching The Class for emotional punch.	Has an infectious energy and aims for a bottom-up, slice-of-life air characterised by naturalistic performances and a fly-on-the-wall shooting style.	Maiwenn's third feature walks the line between docudrama and melodrama, but is grounded by horror all too human.	What makes it such a singular experience is the convergence of fine acting, moral urgency and a willingness to linger on moments of great intensity.	A (chaotic) tour-de-force ...	Polisse is a gripping and powerful procedural drama filled with fine acting and unflinching eye for truth and brutality.
Woozy, boozy, sleazy and dreamy, it's impossible not to be seduced by The Master - and, indeed, the master.	An early contender for multiple Oscar nominations.	A difficult, interesting, odd, frustrating, and oftentimes majestic experience.	I knew The Master would be beautiful, but I was pleasantly surprised by all the fart jokes and boobs.	[Phoenix's] mercurial performance adds another layer of mystery to a film thick with complexity but whose meaning is up for grabs.	Smart and solidly engrossing, The Master extends Paul Thomas Anderson's winning streak of challenging films for serious audiences.
If you thought "Daredevil" was lousy, then you'll be thoroughly irritated by the asleep-at-the-wheel pacing of the story of the Punisher's origin.	Revenge, they say, is a dish best served cold. Leftovers like this don't count.	A sickeningly manipulative, by-the-numbers revenge movie.	A fun actioner that delivers per expectations.	As an action film, The Punisher thrills with scenes of spectacular violence and death.	A good cast fails to elevate this overly violent and by-the-numbers revenge flick.
To call Rushmore a romantic triangle about clinical depressives doesn't allow for the film's bracing humanism.	Peripheral characters cannot change what is at its core a hollow effort.	Rushmore will no doubt have its admirers, who will cite the intelligence and fun of its first half.	Something very special.	One of the freshest, richest, most original films to come out of Hollywood in a very long time.	This cult favorite is a quirky coming of age story, with fine, off-kilter performances from Jason Schwartzman and Bill Murray.
Ridley Scott forgets that editing is an art form as well	Normally, Scott loves his flash-bang setpieces, but he proves equally adept at low-key verisimilitude and long-form storytelling, the kind that sprawls out over years of incidents that only gradually add up to a powerful whole.	The movie truly is about an "American Gangster;" it's a business movie about unbridled capitalism that's been dressed up as the highbrow answer to Superfly.	A cocksure upstart that has swaggered onto the scene, confident that it can take its place at the table with the big boys.	There is more to enjoy than to admire in the filmcraft of AMERICAN GANGSTER. This is an entertaining compilation of retread touches from good gangster films.	American Gangster is a gritty and entertaining throwback to classic gangster films, with its lead performers firing on all cylinders.
Yet another solid British crime drama...	An appropriately hard-boiled quality runs through the movie, and the cast (from top to bottom) brings its best, putting the frosting on this nasty bit of Layer Cake.	There's plenty to enjoy with this piece of Cake.	With Daniel Craig channeling Steve McQueen as if he had a sense of humor...Vaughn's film is slightly cheeky even though the action is dense and often gruesome.	Leanly muscled British actor Daniel Craig gives a star-making performance in Layer Cake, the latest in the recent wave of stylish and ultra-violent gangster films from across the pond.	A stylized, electric British crime thriller.
This mid-19th century tale of survival after the death of a parent is still compelling today, and its message of strength and the importance of family continues to resonate.	The film clocks in at a little more than two hours; yet this Reader's Digest approach is remarkably fluid and full-bodied.	With an all-star cast trying to furiously out-ham each other for screen space, the film plays like a Dickensian version of "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World."	The delicious trimmings...arrive early and stay late, filling nearly every minute...with a lighthearted glow, some impudent snickers, and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two.	Ultimately the film leans toward the blandness of its star.	Thanks to a strong cast of experienced actors and director Douglas McGrath's steady hand, Nicholas Nickleby is a worthy and respectful adaptation of the Dickens novel.
[Cage takes] the big bucks to star in slovenly, inert pulp of the sort no actor of his magnitude should be stooping to.	This grainy shoot-'em-up is stuck in the Nineties, which means it is a decade ahead of Nicolas Cage's mullet haircut.	Heavy on the spice and cheap on the meat, Bangkok Dangerous adds plenty of Thai seasoning to the Hollywood lone-assassin recipe, but the result is only mildly pungent.	Pointless vanity project.	Tediously monotonous.	With murky cinematography, a meandering pace, a dull storyline, and rather wooden performances, The Pang Brothers' Hollywood remake of Bangkok Dangerous is unsuccessful.
A study of community and ritual, Ten Canoes celebrates as it contemplates, emphasizing the fact that this collection of stories, Gulpilil's story in its many layers, is seen.	Although it sounds like the Aboriginal answer to a Harrison Ford kidnap thriller, this is actually a richly textured parable.	It's worth putting up with the meandering story to see the aboriginal world shown from a fresh perspective.	Once you become accustomed to the mystical vocabulary describing a world without modern science and technology, it amounts to using different terms to describe universal experience.	Ten Canoes is a celebration of the art of storytelling, and of the power of stories to transcend all barriers of space, time and language. This is a movie with sheer magic in it.	Ten Canoes combines adventure, comedy, and anthropology to explore an Aborigine folk tale both fallibly human and legendary. Helmer Rolf de Heer depicts a barely represented oral tradition with a clean style.
powerful, if pedestrian	Unforgettable in every way, A Simple Plan dazzles with its simplicity, its poignancy, its relevance and truth. Simply don't miss it!	As straightforward in narrative as it is gut-wrenching in effect, A Simple Plan is a sort of slow-motion skid down an icy blacktop- it's a movie you watch with a mounting sense of dread.	It's been done before, and Raimi doesn't do it much differently or put his own stamp on it.	The theme of the ever-shifting tides of evil within people is a perfect fit for the dark sensibilities of Raimi.	A riveting crime thriller full of emotional tension.
An unusual and uneven mix of genres that is both intriguing and rewarding.	It's entertaining, in an unabashedly cheesy, proudly retro sort of way.	Just another step on [Singleton's] march to Hollywood anonymity.	A well-executed balance of Hollywood action and human tenderness.	Despite random bursts of ambition, Four Brothers ultimately feels like a genre movie, only without as much satisfying payoff as we might like.	Despite striking a believable rapport among its principal actors, Four Brothers overwhelms with ultra-violent, vigilante-glorifying action and devolves into too many fractured, insubstantial thematic directions.
The revolutionary music speaks for itself, and Steve Coogan's smooth, self-assured delivery in the lead role serves as a great host.	It's not so much the sound of 'Madchester' captured on film as it is the spirit -- how a place so gloomy could wind up the center of rave culture, how the dreary finally got up and danced.	Thanks to an excellent script from Frank Cottrell Boyce, brilliant cinematography by the legendary Robby Muller and intelligent direction by Winterbottom, the film is constantly amusing and fascinating.	Steve Coogan makes a likeable enough narrator, and director Michael Winterbottom uses enough cinematic tricks to keep things interesting. Still, for those not in the know, 24 Hour Party People can seem 24 hours long.	24 Hour Party People is hilarious and cheeky -- and it's crammed with dozens of great musical numbers, along with the inevitable string of setbacks and tragedies as well.	The colorful, chaotic 24 Hour Party People nimbly captures the spirit of the Manchester music scene.
Wyler and Goldwyn have made a glorious 'intimate epic,' one worthy of every honor bestowed upon it.	...captures the sort of confusion, condescension and even revulsion faced by returning veterans, then and today.	The movie has plenty of faults, and the worst of them are painfully exasperating; yet this is one of the very few American studio-made movies in years that seem to me profoundly pleasing, moving, and encouraging.	The very best kind of soap opera, detailing the problems and heartaches of people we come instantly to care about.	I'd call this the best American movie about returning soldiers I've ever seen -- the most moving and the most deeply felt.	An engrossing look at the triumphs and travails of war veterans, The Best Years of Our Lives is concerned specifically with the aftermath of World War II, but its messages speak to the overall American experience.
Edgerton has created a movie that respects the intelligence of the audience. He's created an ending that will spark debates and that's a blessing in the summer plot doldrums where everything gets wrapped up with a loud bang or big scare.	The film's well-worn concept is re-energised with some ingenious plot swerves and a last-act shock right up there with Gone Girl.	Edgerton's talent as an actor has been evident for a while, but The Gift announces him as a genuine triple threat.	The Gift chillingly illustrates what happens when fate reunites a class bully (Jason Bateman) with his prize victim, Gordo (Edgerton).	Though The Gift is a relatively small film, it carries with it a strong emotional impact, and augurs well for Edgerton's future on every side of the camera.	The Gift is wickedly smart and playfully subversive, challenging the audience's expectations while leaving them leaning on the edges of their seats.
The movie saves the worst for last, unfurling a trite, cacophonous finale so stupendously dumb it will please no one	Taking the warm '60s nostalgia of The Iron Giant, the quick-fire pace and 'toon energy of The Incredibles and the elaborate yet taut action of Ghost Protocol, Bird blends everything into a thoroughly modern slice of vintage Disney.	Brings a sheer sense of wonder and imagination that calls to mind vintage Spielberg, an optimism that is warm and contagious and another great female lead for summer.	It's surprisingly hollow entertainment -- a film with noble intentions and grand aspirations that drags us along for a two-hour adventure that we never really care about.	Somewhere on its way to becoming a live-action Disney classic, Bird's well-crafted illusion flickers and fades, a casualty of faulty storytelling.	Ambitious and visually stunning, Tomorrowland is unfortunately weighted down by uneven storytelling.
The real enemy is too much exposition.	If you don't know the original 1987 classic Predator line-for-line and inside-out, you will probably miss half the gags in this one.	Predators begins with a freefall and dive-bombs from there, toward a closing line summing it up: "Let's get off this (blank)in' planet," one survivor of alien evisceration says to another, speaking for anyone ready to get out of the (blank)in' theater.	This story has been done to death, but the twists screenwriters Michael Fitch and Alex Litvak came up with are really inane. One of them is completely predictable, when you think about the casting.	Better than Predator 2, not a patch of the original. A throwback game-of-death, Rodriguez and Antal's sequel hurls out plenty of gore but few surprises. Left wide open for unlimited sequels, could this be a vehicle for RR to blood new directors?	After a string of subpar sequels, this bloody, action-packed reboot takes the Predator franchise back to its testosterone-fueled roots.
Half Nelson feels like the choke hold is on the poor audience. It has moments of inspired acting and filmmaking, but entertainment and believability are as scarce as sober characters.	Coalesces into a sobering and meaningful experience.	The movie refuses to pander.	[Fleck] has a gift for charging inanimate objects with meaning ... and he helps his cast create characters who throb with energy and complex life.	Gosling has an investment in character here that is whole-bodied, and he commands your attention in every frame he's in.	Half Nelson features powerful performances from Ryan Gosling and Shareeka Epps. It's a wise, unsentimental portrait of lonely people at the crossroads.
A potentially commercial audience-pleaser that retains all of the characteristic Herzog complexity and nuance, Rescue Dawn is an electrifying action adventure that clamps your nerves with jaws of steel.	Naturalistic..the dialogue was very unforced, [and it contains] spectacular performances.	Politics aside, Herzog uses a realistic tone to depict a high-energy capture and escape.	But just as exciting -- maybe even more so, for those who love the medium and, especially, the uplift of the great-escape genre -- Rescue Dawn is a triumphant Werner Herzog movie.	Emocionante como aventura e como exemplo da força do espírito humano, comprova o talento inquestionável de Herzog, um dos diretores contemporâneos mais importantes e surpreendentes.	Director Werner Herzog has once again made a compelling tale of man versus nature, and Christian Bale completely immerses himself in the role of fighter pilot (and prisoner of war) Dieter Dengler.
I freely admit that I have not been seduced by Takeshi Kitano's films, no, not even Hana-Bi.	Takeshi 'Beat' Kitano has updated the character in a crowd pleasing mishmash of ultra violence, revenge, comedy and "Stomp-like" musical interludes	Taken on its own terms, Takeshi Kitano's vision of a vanished samurai world is a true work of art.	More than just a treat for the martial arts crowd, this is a boon for movie lovers of all stripes.	Kitano's character may have his eyes closed, but this is one filmmaker who always ensures that the audience has theirs wide open.	Colorful, rich with action and wonderfully choreographed, Takeshi Kitano takes on the classic samurai character with his own brand of cinematic flair.
Rather than lay on the expository detail, Daredevil focuses on character development.	The digital effects, including many of the fight scenes, are terrible -- TERRIBLE!!!	A colossal misfire, Daredevil is the Battlefield Earth of superhero films, which isn't surprising given its pairing of charisma-free actor Ben Affleck (Pearl Harbor) with saccharine writer/director Mark Steven Johnson (Simon Birch).	If all you need is the most surface of surface, you might like Daredevil. If you choose to think about it for a second, you can't.	While it isn't quite on par with the 2002 hit Spider-Man, Daredevil is still a solid piece of cinema.	While Ben Affleck fits the role and the story is sporadically interesting, Daredevil is ultimately a dull, brooding origin story that fails to bring anything new to the genre.
Wanting to be the next Ghost -- and succeeding handsomely -- Just Like Heaven is sweetly funny and delightfully romantic.	Just Like Heaven is the movie equivalent of a harmless first date...	The movie wants all you girls to know that should medical misfortune come your way, just hold on. Your soul will find your soul mate, then love will set you free.	Heaven is undeniably sweet, even if one's not all here -- metaphorically speaking, of course.	The film sweetens and trivializes tragic circumstances that are all too common and neither funny nor romantic.	Delightfully sweet like a lollipop, Just Like Heaven is a dreamy romantic comedy that may give you a toothache when it attempts to broach difficult end of life issues by throwing a cherry on top.
Taylor Hackford's biography of Ray Charles is a potent and invigorating portrait of genius, thanks to Jamie Foxx's performance and to the music of Ray Charles himself.	Jamie Foxx masterfully assumes his role as the beloved American music pioneer. The line between Foxx and Ray Charles blurs to the point of being no line at all.	Ray has the sound, drive, heat and wallop of Ray Charles.	It is in Ray's many music sequences that Hackford's direction is most confident.	Great music, great stories, great performance.	An engrossing and energetic portrait of a great musician's achievements and foibles, Ray is anchored by Jamie Foxx's stunning performance as Ray Charles.
Rules of Engagement may be a feel good movie that lacks the imaginative thrusts of David O. Russell's The Three Kings, but for what it is this is one of the better examples.	Jones and Jackson are way too good for this material.	What distinguishes Rules is its use of xenophobia to bolster its legal arguments, and presumably tap audience's deep-seated prejudices.	The acting is good, plot holes many and concession stand just down the hall.	Webb, Gaghan and director William Friedkin aren't courting the sensible; they're out to appeal to right-wing hawks whose talons outnumber their I.Q. points.	The script is unconvincing and the courtroom action is unegaging.
How can I describe its inexplicable power? It is like how childhood memories feel, if you had a happy childhood  wide-eyed and blissful, matter-of-factly magical and entrancingly prosaic	Sheer enchantment.	My Neighbor Totoro has a realistic and dramatic maturity and an ingenuous sensibility (many scenes inherit a child's curious wonder). In contrast, there is fantasy, one, armed with Miyazaki's strength as its author, imaginative and totally original	Despite these limits, My Neighbor Totoro is a gentle and affirming film.	A little dated and a little immature when compared to later Miyazaki works, but that's not such a bad thing, really.	My Neighbor Totoro is a heartwarming, sentimental masterpiece that captures the simple grace of childhood.
One more feather in the proudly proletarian cap of Ken Loach.	This film resonates with truth and feeling without ever preaching.	Ken Loach's most effective film since My Name Is Joe.	A beautiful, grim tale.	A hard film to shake and makes us think and think again.	A bleak, but heartbreaking coming-of-age tale that resonates with truth.
This is the purest examination of an athlete's internal struggle ever mounted for the screen.	Under Robert Rossen's strong direction, its ruthless and odorous account of one young hustler's eventual emancipation is positive and alive.	This picture is so much better than Martin Scorsese's belated sequel The Color of Money that they don't even belong in the same category.	Despite the seedy settings (so evocative that they are almost a character in the story), this is almost a traditional morality play about humility and redemption.	A Streetcar Named Desire for the con man.	Paul Newman and Jackie Gleason give iconic performances in this dark, morally complex tale of redemption.
If all kids' movies were like this, you wouldn't need to drag parents to the multiplexes.	rude and very funny	Matthau's perfectly restrained, brilliantly comic performance holds it together.	While lesser sports comedies have tried to mimic the humour and sloppy charm of The Bad News Bears, none have even come close.	I've never understood what people thought was so great about this middling sports comedy.	The Bad News Bears is rude, profane, and cynical, but shot through with honest, unforced humor, and held together by a deft, understated performance from Walter Matthau.
The tale of a modern-day Icarus. His wings didn't melt, but his brain cracked. He lived, but he learned to question the trip.	The film captures the horror and danger and the druggy thrill. We understand why these kids want their "highs" even when the cost of coming low can be fatal.	The Crash Wheel makes a valiant effort to bring wider awareness to some of the bigger issues surrounding these extreme sports, but the film is strongest when it is simply Pearce's story.	Ms. Walker doesn't go too deeply into the questions all this raises, but at least she broaches them. Are the sponsors of these athletes promoting recklessness by encouraging stars to push the limits?	Surprising and moving, it's a nonfiction wonder.	Smart, compassionate, and moving, The Crash Reel uses the familiar sport-doc formula to subvert expectations and ask challenging questions about ambition and achievement.
There's much to admire here, but somewhere in the wispy sharpness and smoky grittiness of Maclean's venture into genre, intentions and passions become obtuse and ephemeral in a sweeping tapestry of ideals and postures.	Maclean takes more interest in the journey than the destination. The stops along the way are alternately life-threatening, illuminating and abruptly, wildly funny.	Subverting a classic set-up with thoughtful dialogue, uproarious sight gags and wincingly brutal violence, Maclean has made a mean, lean Western more viciously entertaining and visually mesmerizing than anything in the genre since 2010's True Grit.	Maclean has something worthwhile to say about the true brutality of the old West, especially as it relates to immigration, but he hasn't quite found a compelling context for those musings, and he sprays ideas like buckshot.	That magical combo: a debut feature that knows exactly where it's going and leaves you wanting more.	Slow West serves as an impressive calling card for first-time writer-director John M. Maclean -- and offers an inventive treat for fans of the Western.
The acting - particularly the moving performance of Olivia Colman as a battered spouse living in a grim corner of Leeds, England - is fierce and committed. So why doesn't its impact linger?	It's art, not fun, be warned. Actually, it has to be said the portrait it so fondly gives of life in Leeds is repellent: drunken, abusive, indolent, violent, and just ugly in every possible respect.	Like a self-inflicted open wound, Considine keeps things red raw and festering as a painful reminder of the ugly, destructive and secretive side of human nature.	It sounds like an exercise in miserabilism, but Considine extracts black comedy, compassion, and dignity from his downtrodden characters and their blighted setting.	At times it feels a little over-familiar, but this is a confident first feature.	Tyrannosaur is a brutal, frank, and ultimately rewarding story of violent men seeking far-off redemption.
A devasating film as starkly beautiful as its setting.	As harshly beautiful as the Barents Sea coastline where it is set, this parable inspired in part by the biblical tale of Job dumps more misfortune than one hapless man should ever have to endure.	True to its title, Leviathan is a big film -- long, sprawling, somewhat ungainly, but justifiably sure of its power.	The sweeping seascapes and beauty of the landscape the director captures are a hymn to this troubled and troubling country.	Zvyagintsev hardly bothers to disguise his momentous, taut allegory of world-weariness in contemporary Russia, nor his interest in ever larger, ever-unanswerable questions. -	Leviathan lives up to its title, offering trenchant, well-crafted social satire on a suitably grand scale.
I never thought I'd see the day when I would write that someone like Qualls acts circles around Tucci, Jenkins or Lindo, some of our best actors.	The film is an enjoyable vestige of the B movies of yesterday, not just in storyline but in cheap-looking effects. But with an $85 million budget, one wonders why the filmmakers voluntarily chose to make it look cheap.	...essentially a pleasure cruise through a quarry.	More palatable than most pictures of its ilk due to its keen awareness of its own preposterousness, a self-knowledge exuberantly expressed by a mostly live-wire cast.	The big letdown are the stultifying visuals that look more like 80's theme park motion-ride effects. Now boarding Core Tours!	A B-movie with its tongue planted firmly in cheek, The Core is so unintentionally (intentionally?) bad that it's a hoot.
If the film is nothing more than a practical joke on the audience, it certainly doesn't aim to be as caustic or ferociously political as, say, Borat.	Although skillfully overhyped, this asinine exercise is little more than a way for Affleck and Phoenix to write off blow and hookers.	It's hard not to feel punk'd and trapped amid the company of jerks.	There's a kind of genius to the whole affair, which is a good thing, because there's no trace of genius about the film itself, which is coarse and amateurish.	Since Phoenix spends half the film with his head down, mumbling and shirtless, I'm Still Here is literally (and figuratively) an exercise in navel-gazing.	As unkempt and inscrutable as Joaquin Phoenix himself, I'm Still Here raises some interesting questions about its subject, as well as the nature of celebrity, but it fails to answer many of them convincingly.
O mais surpreendente é o cuidado com que o roteiro desenvolve seus tręs personagens principais.	The kind of brilliant comedy that will have you gasping, laughing so hard you'll have tears in your eyes and rocking back in your chair from laughter.	There is a sort of perverse brilliance or brilliant perverseness to be found in this story of a bachelor party gone terribly wrong.	Vulgar, obscene and offensive, The Hangover is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a very long time and is surely destined to become a comedy classic.	A fast-moving, constant joking, how funny is a guy pulling out his own tooth kind of movie.	With a clever script and hilarious interplay among the cast, The Hangover nails just the right tone of raunchy humor, and the non-stop laughs overshadow any flaw.
Bruce Beresford's sensitive direction complements Alfred Uhry's skillful adapation of his Pulitzer Prize-winning play.	Sweet and delicate, but c'mon ... it's no classic.	The movie also has something legitimate and instructive to say about the subtlety and intricacy of everyday race relations in the south during the period covered (roughly 1948 to '73).	Embalmed in good intentions, Driving Miss Daisy is a creaky adaptation of a Pulitzer Prize-winning play.	One of the year's best films, a rarity in that a play has been successfully transferred to film without having the dialogue seem "written."	Warm and smartly paced, and boasting impeccable performances from Morgan Freeman and Jessica Tandy.
Ostensibly a comedy about inspiration and creativity, The Muse is a clunker that's actually painfully lacking in both qualities.	A knockout satire!	Quietly, consistently amusing.	Perversely amusing!	It's imaginative enough to provide a reliable, pleasurable stream of chuckles and midsized laughs.	Despite quirky and original writing, the subject matter feels too removed to produce laughs.
Gritty and thrilling, Casino Royale has it all - action, glamour, spectacular locations and a new Bond that is above all, vulnerable.... Whether you can follow the Texas Hold 'Em poker game, it matters not.	You get your money's worth with Casino Royale. It has all the necessary ingredients plus a spanking-new Bond -- whom even M has a bit of a crush on.	Blond-haired or not, it's nice to know that James Bond hasn't lost a step as a new actor slips into the role.	A strong, well defined story, some unexpected betrayals and hidden corners, sensational locations and an absence of gadgets make Casino Royale a right royal Bond movie.	Craig is the best Bond since Sean Connery and maybe the only Bond ever who could have pulled off the stunts in Casino Royale.	Casino Royale disposes of the silliness and gadgetry that plagued recent James Bond outings, and Daniel Craig delivers what fans and critics have been waiting for: a caustic, haunted, intense reinvention of 007.
Though it's out of fashion in these days of Facebook and cellphone cameras, some stories might be better left unshared.	At first glance, it seems like a sweet story. However, like almost everything on the internet, it possibly possesses an evil, nasty, nefarious dark side (that might lead to porn).	It must be said that the filmmakers, who profess to be as surprised as we are about how things play out, are being disingenuous at best and underhanded at worst.	And you thought MySpace was scary.	Twisty tale of social-media intrigue makes for crowd-pleasing doc.	Catfish may tread the line between real-life drama and crass exploitation a little too unsteadily for some viewers' tastes, but its timely premise and tightly wound mystery make for a gripping documentary.
This complex, multi-story, multi-era and quietly breathtaking film speaks universal truths that unite the genders even while recognizing the fundamental differences between us.	It never fails to engage us.	It captures the feeling of a long, forgiving gaze.	Daldry's screen version is well acted but too literal, failing to convey the complexity or the lyricism of Cunningham's seminal novel.	A bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance...	The movie may be a downer, but it packs an emotional wallop. Some fine acting on display here.
The Ringer is caught between a rock and a soft place. The result of being torn between here and there is being stuck nowhere.	Do yourself a favor and rent a very campy Radio instead.	What's next in store for the twisted tandem (The Farrelly Brothers)--psychotic Katrina Hurricane victims that like to surf in sewer water?	Considering all of the jackass things [Knoxville's] done on his way to fame, his presence in The Ringer helps the film challenge the idea of what is normal and what is intellectually disabled.	This isn't the Special Olympics, Johnny. You don't get a medal just for playing.	Despite a few laughs and good intentions, The Ringer is too predictable to really score the points it aims for.
[Macbeth] is both a faithful recreation and daring re-reading of the source, and ranks as one of the greatest Shakespeare movies ever made.	...one of the worst adaptations of a Shakespeare play ever to be projected onto a movie screen.	Macbeth has been previously well served by Roman Polanski and Akira Kurosawa but Kurzel has fashioned a pared-down success of his own.	No matter how heightened this Macbeth gets, it always feels lived-in.	It is effective in its own dour way and some of the set-pieces are magnificent but, watching it, you feel as if you are being pummelled.	Faithful to the source material without sacrificing its own cinematic flair, Justin Kurzel's Macbeth rises on the strength of a mesmerizing Michael Fassbender performance to join the upper echelon of big-screen Shakespeare adaptations.
A ride that doesn't take us far enough.	Fans of American Westerns will find plenty to like, so long as they can get their heads around the accents and the occasional wombat.	Director Jordan fails to deliver a film worthy of such mythical figure.	Rises above its own shortcomings through Heath Ledger's electric embodiment of Ned.	The production is always engaging, always compelling, but to what end? What happens in Australia after Ned Kelly and his band make their mark? The film doesn't say.	More depth about the legendary outlaw would be welcome, but as it is, Ned Kelly is a reasonably entertaining Western.
As sweet a portrait of small town life as you are ever likely to see.	What's remarkable about Lars and the Real Girl is the tightrope that [screenwriter Nancy] Oliver finesses, aided by her director and winning cast, between improbability and reality, edgy absurdist humor and melting tenderness. It's a tonic.	Overall, an imperfect gem. In its successful attempt to go for the heart, "Lars and the Real Girl" stumbles a bit. I would have cast Michael Cera in the lead role.	Before you recoil in horror at the apparent grossness of yet another Hollywood high concept, you need to know that Lars and the Real Girl is anything but an exploitation film.	Even [Gosling] canâ(TM)t guide us to the pulse within this pat material, and you have to keep reminding yourself which of the title characters is the plastic one.	Lars and the Real Girl could've so easily been a one-joke movie. But the talented cast, a great script, and direction never condescends to its character or the audience.
This male version of The Devil Wears Prada comes off second best in the comparison, but is nevertheless an entertaining jest about a young Brit who is not only a fish out of water but totally out of the fishtank	For viewers who can get past the turn-off of a title, they will find a film as entertaining and easy to like as it is shrewd about its subject matter.	While Pegg has a good stab at lending the film some of his trademark knockabout charm, the film is as artless and difficult to warm to as its leading man.	Even the ginger-haired Brit can't rescue this moviefrom being both manic and flat. Nor can the deployment of Kirsten Dunst to play Sidney's nemesis and possible love interest.	Simon Pegg manages to be both obnoxious and eventually likeable: after a few silly, unfunny party antics, the film warms up with Kirsten Dunst as the sharp-witted love interest and foil to foolery.	A decent performance from Pegg in a disappointing film. Neither sharp nor satirical, Weide's adaptation relies too heavily on slapstick, and misses the point of the source material in the process.
Flawless is the sort of movie that tends to get called 'enjoyably old-fashioned,' except that there's nothing enjoyable about it.	It's left to Caine to wink and nod at his own contribution to real caper classics of the 1960s and '70s, produced with more emphasis on fun and less on instructive fact-finding.	The picture is mildly entertaining, aided strongly by the retro period and Caine's authoritative performance. As for Moore, the script doesn't offer her much - certainly not the intensity that brought her equal parts fame and derision.	"Hang on lads, I've got a great idea..." said Michael Caine at the end of The Italian Job. Presumably he didn't mean waiting 40 years before pulling off a caper that wouldn't blow the bloody doors off a rabbit hutch.	This is a first rate caper piece elevated by Caine's effortlessly elegant portrayal.	Michael Caine's excellent performance makes Flawless something more than an average heist movie.
If the Gulf War gave you an insatiable taste for burning oil and burning Arabs, this extravaganza will tide you over for at least a couple of days.	I highly, highly, highly reccomend this incredible action pic to anyone who's tired of the same boring Eraser-esque action flick.	Cameron's otherwise enjoyable romp is ruined by the appalling treatment of its leading lady. I don't use the word 'misogynist' lightly, but...	Although it's Cameron's weakest feature, it's still pretty good.	As this comedy of manners unfolds, it is played for all-out action as well as satiric humor.	If it doesn't reach the heights of director James Cameron's and star Arnold Schwarzenegger's previous collaborations, True Lies still packs enough action and humor into its sometimes absurd plot to entertain.
Direction of all three films is no more than workmanlike, which isn't surprising since they were originally made for British television.	Three powerful movies about police corruption in Northern England had me squirming in my seat. The only complaint, and it's a small one, is the apparently authentic Yorkshire accents were hard to understand at times. English subtitles would help.	Fans of Peace's books should be satisfied by their treatment here, although it bears asking just how many more serial killers, tortured cops and pretentious, fetishistic acts of violence the film audience can withstand.	It's an awfully interesting series of movies.	This ambitious, unique project, originally made for British television, is well worth the time investment to see the three-film marathon on a big screen.	This crime drama features great performances and the three directors make the setting -- 1970s and 1980s Yorkshire -- an immersive, gritty, and dangerous place.
Indebted as director Jeff Tremaine is to Artaud's Theater of Cruelty and the works of Luis Buńuel, "Jackass 3D" remains surprisingly accessible.	Too many of these sequences are merely disgusting.	The gags come thick and fast. Literally.	If you like fecal matter, I mean love the stuff, this sequel is the Avatar of poop-smeared extravaganzas.	Ultimately, they just want to have a good time and take their fans along for the ride. On that front they're completely successful.	The Jackass gang might be running out of gross-out stunts, but this installment contains plenty of brilliantly brain-dead comedy -- and the 3-D adds a pungent new dimension.
One of the great screen romances.	It's the best pick up movie ever.	the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.	Linklater captures romance at the sunset of gadget-free existence ... holy moments when no gadget or lens comes between us and our immediate company and surroundings.	The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.	Thought-provoking and beautifully filmed, Before Sunrise is an intelligent, unabashedly romantic look at modern love, led by marvelously natural performances from Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy.
Funny, touching, angry and filled to the brim with great performances, "Milk" is a wonderful film from start to finish	There's a reason this kind of movie is Oscar bait and Milk seriously ups the ante in the year's best actor competition.	With Milk, a great San Francisco story becomes a great American story.	Emotionally engaging, well written and superbly directed biopic, featuring a strong supporting cast and a terrific central performance by Sean Penn.	The film itself can be taken as an act of testimony, mingling archival footage with re-enactments and immediacy with nostalgia.	Anchored by Sean Penn's powerhouse performance, Milk is a triumphant account of America's first openly gay man elected to public office.
...[a] disjointed but jolting jailhouse shoot-'em-up showcase...a frenetic and formulaic action-drama guaranteed to get the adrenaline pumping.	It is not effective as a suspense film. Aside from one or two sequences, it doesn't work at all.	Jean-François Richet - by the way, could there possibly be a first name that's more French than "Jean-François?" - pounds out the tense tale with vigor and finesse.	..a cocksure, stylized, gutty thrill-ride very much in the tradition of star Ethan Hawke and producer Jeffrey Silver's prior collaboration, Training Day..	Graphically violent and merciless...refreshingly unpretentious in its goal to entertain and put a jolt in any non-squeamish viewer sick to death of cookie-cutter genre movies.	This remake has been praised by some as an expertly made B-movie, and dismissed by others as formulaic.
Burton and his collaborators present a movie musical that's like nothing you've ever seen.	The result, though refreshingly different from mainstream animated fare, is ultimately more trick than treat.	Thirteen years after its debut, Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas has gone 3D, which makes a good thing even better.	Disney's sophisticated stop-motion animation (an advanced version of techniques used to create Gumby) creates a truly breathtaking visual landscape.	Part avant-garde art film, part amusing but morbid fairy tale, it is a delightfully ghoulish holiday musical that displays more inventiveness in its brief 75 minutes than some studios can manage in an entire year.	The Nightmare Before Christmas is a stunningly original and visually delightful work of stop-motion animation.
Yawningly directed by Jim Isaac, Skinwalkers is a slavering mess that buries its clunky addiction metaphor beneath a welter of genre clichés, all delivered in extra-slow motion.	Viewers who make it through the dire early scenes may be surprised by the quality of the later ones.	On the fright scale, this pack of werewolves ranks below a basket of puppies.	To borrow that immortal self-critiquing line from director James Isacc's own Jason X, 'This sucks on so many levels.'	Skinwalkers wears its B-movie badness on its sleeve like a badge of honor.	Skinwalkers is an atrociously-acted project whose unoriginal and ineptly-staged action sequences remind viewers of far better werewolf and action movies.
Please don't go see The Gallows. Please. As someone who passionately, deeply loves movies, especially horror movies, and laments that not nearly enough genre offerings actually land a theatrical release: I beg of you, please don't go see The Gallows.	The film is sstrictly a high-tech spin on one of those Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark.	The Gallows is a perfectly fun entry in Blumhouse Productions' ever-growing roster of low-budget, mock-verite chillers (Insidious, Paranormal Activity).	The Gallows isn't without a certain amount of atmosphere, it simply feels borrowed wholesale. That would matter less with a better script, but the four main characters are paper-thin even by genre norms.	Plot holes aside, the filmmakers provide enough well-timed jumps and energetic moments to keep the highly contained picture afloat.	Narratively contrived and visually a mess, The Gallows sends viewers on a shaky tumble to the bottom of the found-footage horror barrel.
If I have to sit through French small talk in a slow-paced film for two hours, I expect a substantial payoff.	A brilliant political allegory in the form of a psychological thriller, Michael Haneke's Hidden achieves the remarkable, building power on both fronts as it proceeds.	Caché encourages us to look -- and then to look harder.	Another step towards replacing facile jolts with compassionate scrutiny	Haneke's exploration of willful ignorance, guilt, and history takes hold, and doesn't quite let go when the lights come up.	A creepy French psychological thriller that commands the audience's attention throughout.
Reporters also refer to what they write as "my story."	Despite generating plenty of turmoil, Resurrecting the Champ fails to be compelling. It does, however, succeed in being implausible.	Despite one great performance and an intriguing setup, the work is crippled by another performance that's nowhere near great, and a storyline that makes it impossible to root for the leading man.	...understands what a good piece of journalism should - and shouldn't - be about.	...director Lurie displays discipline and finesse in telling a compelling tale that explores the tensions between fathers and sons, and then some. Lurie and Jackson have also given audiences a rare and striking portrait of homelessness.	While sluggish in spots, Resurrecting the Champ is a sports/newsroom drama elevated by high-caliber performances by Samuel Jackson, Josh Hartnet, and Alan Alda.
Shallow without being fun or sexy, the picture is a well-meaning but ponderous bore. The characters are dull, their ruminations tedious and uninvolving and the relationship insights banal.	Keira Knightley gives one of her most nuanced performances, showing extraordinary range without ever coming across as showy... This is a well crafted, enjoyable ensemble piece with a captivating conclusion.	Massy Tadjedin's intimate directorial debut takes a spare, thoughtful approach to relationships.	It's nice to see an intelligent film about adult relationships and the ways that jealousy and insecurity can shred what is otherwise a solid connection between two people.	Sadly, the weakest link in this provocative tale is Worthington who never really ignites the screen in quite the same way as Knightley.	Last Night doesn't opt for easy answers, but the framework and characters overall are too slight and plain to be compelling.
A snappy script and a lively approach to the genre make this a gleefully grisly teen horror movie thoroughly entertaining	After the quick-fire wit of Juno, this is disappointing.	Much to the chagrin of the randy male teens that Jennifer's Body is meant to lure into theatres, they're offered nary a glimpse of Ms. Fox's naked glories.	"Jennifer's Body" has issues.	The sexual politics are not quite at the level of the indie horror film Teeth, but it's there.	Jennifer's Body features occasionally clever dialogue but the horror/comic premise fails to be either funny or scary enough to satisfy.
Seems as if it were recorded on a camcorder and narrated by a guy sitting in his kitchen with a microphone. That doesn't negate its effectiveness, however.	A fast-paced, brilliantly edited indictment that's as hard to turn away from as it is infuriating to watch.	For independent thinkers and those who think of journalism as a profession of accuracy, fairness and ethics, there's more than enough to chew on.	Greenwald's central thesis rings true.	Required viewing not only for media watchdogs and future journalists, but those who are concerned with how news is disseminated.	Neither fair nor balanced itself, Outfoxed offers an often entertaining indictment of the Fox News Channel.
The Karate Kid is an excellent coming-of-age sports film filled with heart and humor that doesn't test your gag reflex. Even if you love the original the new version is a worthy follow up, both comfortable and fresh, and that isn't easy to do.	This remake is fun, lighthearted and enormously entertaining. A great family film.	This is a remake, pure and simple. And remakes need to be very, very good to justify their existence...	The story worked in 1984 and it works now.	If you're one of the cautious fans wary of the remake, do yourself a favor -- drop your reservations and give The Karate Kid a look.	It may not be as powerful as the 1984 edition, but the 2010 Karate Kid delivers a surprisingly satisfying update on the original.
"Love & Other Drugs" is an interesting look at love in the nineties. And the added dimension of Parkinson's makes this a poignant study of the reality of relationships.	Lacks a certain something, but not chemistry between Jake and Anne. They set off real sparks.	Edward Zwick has rarely found a message-based project he can't muddy with weepy melodrama, and this is no exception.	Anne Hathaway and Jake Gyllenhaal spend an inordinate amount of time rolling around in the buff, when not flirting, fighting or racing through overwritten dialogue intended to be ironic and cutting, but really about as sharp as a Q-Tip.	By no means perfect, but Gyllenhaal and Hathaway are a match made in heaven.	It's a pleasure to see Hollywood produce a romance this refreshingly adult, but Love and Other Drugs struggles to find a balance between its disparate plot elements.
His story is undoubtedly a tragedy and Morgen paints it like it was in a stylish juxtaposition of traditional biography and adventurous, raw filmmaking.	The film emphasises Cobain's creativity as well as the work ethic that went alongside his well-chronicled drug use.	Ultimately it's a film that didn't need this many bells and whistles for it to pack an almighty punch.	Every aspect of the intensely private man's life is laid bare in a way that straddles the line between celebratory and mercenary.	A big part of Cobain's music was about expressing his inner turmoil, and this movie accomplishes that again in ways that are often unexpected and moving.	Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck makes a persuasive case for its subject without resorting to hagiography -- and includes plenty of rare and unreleased footage for fans.
Director Fernando Eimbcke's observant slice-of-lifer is mostly a comedy but breaks through regularly for surprising poignance.	The beauty of Duck Season is its insistence that profound human experiences can arrive slowly, in incremental packages, scattered over the course of an average Sunday.	Captures the restlessness and confusion of adolescence in ways both funny and profound.	Eimbcke has found a sweet and moving way to make concrete the kids' blind search for meaning and comfort.	Summing up Duck Season is a simple enough affair, but hardly does justice to this ironic, carefully crafted comedy, the latest indication that Mexican cinema is going through one of its spasmodic periods of renaissance.	This modest cinematic slice-of-life manages to subtly capture many small but resonant and truthful moments of adolescence.
Tsotsi gets its message across without pandering to the audience. It has a keen sense of subtlety that's often lacking in social awareness cinema.	carries a hopeful message of redemption and human decency while also painting a sad picture of the far-reaching effects of the AIDS epidemic on a country's children.	Tsotsi makes its bid for youth appeal with a fair amount of violence and a soundtrack partially made up of Kwaito music...Ultimately, though, it boils down to a conventionally humanist coming-of-age story.	Hood's film, with its bold, beautiful cinematography and hard-thumping kwaito music, brings us into a different world, and then helps us to understand it.	Hood was fortunate to find such a marvelous canvas in Chweneyagae's face.	Chweneyagae's powerful performance carries this simple yet searing tale of a shantytown teenager's redemption.
It's not even worth it for the star worship. Go watch My Bloody Valentine instead.	Any potential for depth or intelligence has been sucked out by the very holiday the film attempts to glorify. The two hours watching this movie was no fairy tale.	Your riddle of the week. Why is Valentine's Day like outer space? Because it's a big nothing filled with stars.	We discover a lot about love and that Taylor Swift can't act! Oh and Eric Dane shocks the hell out of us.	The film goes through frolicky motions	Eager to please and stuffed with stars, Valentine's Day squanders its promise with a frantic, episodic plot and an abundance of rom-com cliches.
If Yossi & Jagger is any indication, Mr. Fox has a bright future.	Sincerity and brevity can be virtues, but they don't do enough for Yossi & Jagger.	Yossi & Jagger doesn't quite translate.This military drama about relationships among a group of bored, horny soldiers lacks enough intensity to be taken very seriously.	Performances are crisp, as is everything else about this vital, economical film, proof that less really can be more.	Fox offers a parable that demonstrates the depths of the military's hypocrisy and the lingering tragedy of a love that remains hidden away.	A tersely told yet deeply felt romance.
When (and before) the end credits roll, you will probably feel a sense of outrage - and helplessness.	This material might be familiar to Frontline viewers and magazine readers, but Kenner's telling of the stories proves independently dramatic ...	Maybe it's meant to be a call to action, but it's a bit more like a social-issues documentary by Samuel Beckett. You laugh as you contemplate everyone's doom.	A hard-hitting documentary exposing how a small band of right-wing zealots in spreading disinformation on climate change.	Merchants of Doubt is a worthwhile, though depressing film.	Merchants of Doubt is a thought-provoking documentary assembled with energy and style, even if it doesn't dig as deep as it could.
Firewall is an assembly-line thriller.	gives us a main character whose relationship to his family is so generic as to be negligible, a threat so mild that the bad guy is crueler to his henchmen than to his victims, and a crime so petty-yet-lucrative that we wish we'd thought of it ourselves	For those who enjoy big dumb fun every now and again to clear out the senses, Firewall offers some terrific entertainment in the moments before it begins to confuse itself.	The challenge of making a satisfyingly modernist techno thriller is missed by Loncraine whose film recalls auch suspensers about a family under siege as The Desperate Hours and Cape Fear (both of which have been remade).	This is one of the dopiest plans in the history of evil genius plans.	Harrison Ford's rote performance brings little to this uninspired techno-heist film whose formulaic plot is befuddled with tedious and improbable twists.
It is a parenthesis in the life of Eve and Adam, and for some audiences it may feel too languid and even frustrating, mainly because of inconsistencies in the script -holes--, but if you have patience, it leads to a final appetizing.	What's more, the vampire conceit, while superficially silly, has the salutary effect of throwing human mortality into stark relief, creating a carpe diem sensation without actually...[ END HERE ]..[ END HERE ]saying anything so bana	Tilda Swinton and Tom Hiddleston may be decadent blood drinkers, but it is we mortals who are both mindless 'zombies' and a plague upon the world, while they are the keepers, curators and even contributors of... underground culture	Swinton, her hair white and long and her eyes tired and kind, and Hiddleston, moody and resigned, are wonderful - delivering their lines with the dry sighs of a desert breeze.	No one here gets out alive in Jim Jarmusch's cool new vampire romance ...	Worth watching for Tom Hiddleston and Tilda Swinton's performances alone, Only Lovers Left Alive finds writer-director Jim Jarmusch adding a typically offbeat entry to the vampire genre.
Those interested in more challenging work will find the film a unique meditation on the nature of Hollywood.	What looks like an ordinary revenge tale is livened and improved by Stamp's nuanced performance.	It's a taut indie that brings to mind those revenge-minded Charles Bronson flicks of the '70s.	Eccentric hoods, colorful patter, memorable characters.	The crimer suffers from a slim, underdeveloped script by Lem Dobbs (who also write Kafka), but benefits from Soderbergh's astute direction that posits two 1960s cinematic icons, Brit Terrence Stamp and American Peter Fonda as long-time enemies.	Crafted with eccentric moodiness and style by Steven Soderbergh, The Limey is also a gritty neo-noir showcase for the talent of leading man Terence Stamp.
When The Family Stone did touch me, I had such mixed feelings, I half-wished the movie had kept its hands to itself.	An unpalatable slice of leftover holiday turkey ...	The plot is motored more by convenience than credible character behavior and for much of the time, the cockles of our hearts remain unwarmed.	The movie feels a lot like slacker brother Ben: a little sloppy, mostly predictable, some flashes of poignancy and wisdom, but ultimately doesn't live up to its potential.	It plays almost like Terms of Endearment crossed with the feel-good yule romance Love Actually.	This family holiday dramedy features fine performances but awkward shifts of tone.
Nicely balances moments of childhood trauma with a full appreciation of the man whose enthusiasm for high spirits sometimes came at considerable cost to those around him.	Firth gives one of his most stitched-up performances as the adult Blake. Maybe he overdoes it but I don't think so. His aloofness, with its awkward hesitancies and ragged bursts of feeling, means that it's all the more moving when he finally lets go.	Morrison's book is painfully honest and whilst the film is sensitively handled and impeccably crafted it is also curiously distant and unmoving.	The timing of this film's release before Father's Day couldn't be more perfect, because anyone with an older father should be able to find some resonance with Morrison's personal story.	A bruising but rewarding experience.	Sensitive to a fault, Tucker's adaptation of the Morrison novel is nonetheless solidly scripted and well-acted; guard your heartstrings.
A bunch of rich, good-looking white people fall in and out of love.	There's nothing authentic or personal about The Holiday -- it's as chilling as heart-warmers get.	What The Holiday has going for it is that it's funny when it wants to be, heartwarming when it needs to be and impeccably acted throughout.	As a voracious consumer of chick media (I like alien shoot 'em ups too!), I tell you that the story arc is extremely surprising & delightful, and that you fellas can feel safe watching this as well.	The Holiday is as advertised: a respite from everyday demands and acquired cynicism.	The Holiday, while sweet and somewhat touching, lacks any surprises and eventually overstays its welcome.
The film creates a revolutionary lens through which the movies' relationship to Los Angeles will never look the same.	Andersen's idiosyncratic, three-hour masterpiece is both a dazzling work of film criticism and a fascinating piece of urban anthropology centered on the one city on earth where one could be mistaken for the other.	An ultimate movie clip junkie film, a video store fantasy with a pulse and a brain.	Arguably the best movie about movies ever made.	The sheer scope is astonishing, as is the fact that even after nearly three hours we don't want it to end!	A treat for cinephiles, this documentary is a comprehensive, academic, and enlightening film essay concerning Los Angeles and its depiction in the movies.
If you're looking for yet another mindless college flick with a number of laughs and a captivating lead, you can certainly do much worse than this movie	When it runs out of ways to be funny, Van Wilder resorts to schmaltz.	There's one saving grace: Reynolds may look a lot like NL's Chevy Chase, but, hey, he's actually quite likeable.	Full of gross-out humor that is definitely disgusting but not at all that humorous.	While some of the pranks in National Lampoon's Van Wilder are more extreme than we've seen in There's Something About Mary or the American Pie movies, this film has enough heart to balance it out.	A derivative gross-out comedy that's short on laughs.
This fast and loose independent production is enjoyable as a home movie, but not much more.	It's rather joyous to see a name director pursue a true passion project, and realise it with such simplicity, elegance and emotional directness.	It's like watching a gang of talented people put on a show in a friend's back yard. Which it is, actually.	Finally! A romantic comedy that works.	A delightful celebration of Shakespeare's rapier wit...	Lighthearted to a fault, Much Ado About Nothing's giddy energy and intimate charm make for an entertaining romantic comedy -- and a Shakespearean adaptation that's hard to resist.
You can make movies about losers and you can make movies about winners, but the vanilla middle is only good for Oreos and pudding.	Strangely wonderful and weirdly touching.	It never answers the key question: Why should we care?	Kinnear throws himself into the role, but because he's playing a bad actor who's unaware he's acting, his skill may not always be apparent.	A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy.	Kinnear and Dafoe help make this downward spiral of one man's life a compelling watch.
... the whole, as they say, is more than the sum of its parts. The result is sheer invigoration.	It's a picture of ferocious energy and excess, consciously influenced in its plot, music and visual style by Sergio Leone's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as by the Indiana Jones movies. Over-extended, but extremely enjoyable.	This film was a total blast from start to finish! It's more than Good, has little that is Bad, and is filled with the Weird.	With a plethora of incredible stunts and gunfights, plus the inevitable Mexican stand-off, it all adds up to a fistful of fun.	'The Good, the Bad, the Weird' offers a bizarre but intoxicating synthesis of silliness and awe.	Whilst never taking itself too seriously, this riotous and rollicking Sergio Leone-inspired Korean Western is serious fun.
A methodical but fairly repellent exercise in claustrophobic horror.	A story of sexual repression of such magnitude necessarily treads on Freudian ground but Polanski resists any urge to plumb the psychological depths of his tortured protagonist.	The ordeal we and Polanski craved for Deneuve turned out to be just a sport, and we were the ball -- just as we'd hoped.	This is Roman Polanski's most microscopically focused tale of paranoia, and arguably his greatest achievement.	Repulsion is a masterpiece of horror that is not to be missed and can be open to many interpretations.	Roman Polanski's first English film follows a schizophrenic woman's descent into madness, and makes the audience feel as claustrophobic as the character.
Silly enough to make you laugh sometimes in spite of yourself -- at least if you're feeling like a little boy.	Still funny.	Any film that can resurrect Pia Zadora from obscurity, if only to plunk a tuba on her head and toss her off a stage, deserves some kind of award.	This time out, they've apparently hit bottom.	It's sad to see what started out as such a lively and creative series descend to this -- a feeble attempt to stretch a few pedestrian jokes into a feature-length film.	This overly silly third installment attempts to hit the same funny notes as the original, but falls flat overall.
As exploitation pictures go, I've seen a whole lot worse.	This lurid thriller is long on nasty shocks but short on spontaneity, intelligence, and good acting.	The film that killed and immortalized its star still holds up quite well . . . I doubt (Lee) would have been so fondly recalled had he died on the set of Laser Mission.	Style over content, sure, but what style...	A spectacular-looking new film that sets new standards for visual style.	Filled with style and dark, lurid energy, The Crow is an action-packed visual feast that also has a soul in the performance of the late Brandon Lee.
Beguilingly funny.	Small moments, bigger moments, and an adequate sense of just so.	I found the whole thing a bit uninteresting.	Vivaciously funny.	It is therefore something of a shame when the film's second half succumbs to dewy, baby-boomer nostalgia ... And yet, chances are that you'll be moved all the same.	A feel good movie without an abundance of mush.
when it is served up with such pulpy panache, old-fashioned expertise and a hero so easy to root for	[An] unabashedly jingoistic action extravaganza starring Harrison Ford as...'The Ass-Kicking President'...[Blu-ray]	Unfortunately, as the film winds to a close, claustrophobic tension once again gives way to overblown digital effects and set pieces.	Air Force One doesn't insult the audience. It is crafted by a film-maker who takes pride in the thrills and sly fun he packs into every frame.	Air Force One hasn't a moment of genuine tension because every development is entirely expected.	This late-period Harrison Ford actioner is full of palpable, if not entirely seamless, thrills.
Jennifer Kent's startling debut is an artful horror-chiller that gets under your skin and into your psyche.	It wants to get to the core of our fears: the ones that don't need a fright mask to keep us up at night.	The Babadook is anything but predictable, unveiling a chilling tale with emotional depth, well developed characters, and intense, heart-pounding moments of terror.	Using the imagery of German Expressionism and the creepy techniques of David Lynch, Kent has created a psychological horror which gradually shifts the ground beneath our feet.	An extraordinary film that taps into the fears of both childhood and adulthood.	The Babadook relies on real horror rather than cheap jump scares -- and boasts a heartfelt, genuinely moving story to boot.
Could actor-writer-director George Clooney's smart reenactment of the 50-year-old fracas between a courageous newsman and a paranoid, power-mad U.S. senator be the most politically relevant Hollywood film of 2005? It just might.	Without question, this is one of the most important movies playing right now.	A fascinating time capsule that succeeds at entertaining, but fails at creating an analogy with today's relationship between politicians and the media.	Rarely moving a facial muscle except to exhale smoke and brimstone, Strathairn wonderfully recaptures Murrow's deadpan delivery style.	The biggest little movie of the year -- and one of the best ever about the news media.	A passionate and concise cinematic civics lesson, Good Night, And Good Luck has plenty to say about today's political and cultural climate, and its ensemble cast is stellar.
Rather than let someone else mess with a play that has a formal perfection, Hitchcock did the adaptation himself, his only such credit while in Hollywood.	While it's true that Hitchcock left most of the play's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play's apartment, he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life.	A rare and accomplished example of the work of Hitchcock the Minimalist.	Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those! - is brandished inches from your nose.	Second tier Hitch perhaps, but no less enjoyable for it, and still a marvel of cinematic technique.	Dial M for Murder may be slightly off-peak Hitchcock, but by any other standard, it's a sophisticated, chillingly sinister thriller -- and one that boasts an unforgettable performance from Grace Kelly to boot.
With Scorsese's intervention, I'd hoped Shine a Light would be innovative and extraordinary, but as a Stones fan I was thrilled to see a live show from these Rock Gods of nearly half a century that puts any band of young whippersnappers to shame.	This is how great rock and roll was meant to be filmed: By great filmmakers.	This movie is about giving us a privileged glimpse of the Stones in action. It's a record of an astonishing musical chemistry that has been evolving, with no signs of calcification, for nearly five decades.	An electrifying experience for Rolling Stones fans or anyone who just wants to know how to stay young.	It's showbiz, after all. And the band still rocks like none other, true to their creed that if their adored blues masters can play into their dotage, then so can they.	It may offer little new for fans, but Martin Scorsese's document of the Rolling Stones' electrifying live show should provide satisfaction to audiences.
For all of its grossly stereotypical characterizations and cheap laughs, My Cousin Vinny does benefit from Pesci's characteristically energetic performance. And co-star Tomei looks very nice in a clinging blue dress with gold lame applique.	A likeable comedy that delivers at least most of the goods.	Joe Pesci has more energy than charm in the title role, but the supporting cast has some terrific moments, and the comedy supplies a fair number of laughs before running completely out of steam.	Nothing makes a moviegoer feel more isolated than sitting stony-faced through a comedy that makes the rest of the audience laugh and cheer.	The screenplay by Dale Launer has all the sophomoric qualities of a C- grade TV movie.	The deft comic interplay between Joe Pesci and Marisa Tomei helps to elevate My Cousin Vinny's predictable script, and the result is a sharp, hilarious courtroom comedy.
Overlong, overdone and overwrought, the narratively challenged Set It Off gets off on exploitation shock and social-conscience schlock in equal measure.	Influenced by Thelma & Louise and Waiting to Exhale, this well-crafted Girls N the Hood has social conscience and soul; Queen Latifah gives a career-making performance that should made her a big Hollywood star	Fierce and emotionally resonant action-drama, anchored by four smart performances.	A tense, original caper film full of excellent performances, particularly by Queen Latifah	Despite Gray's galvanic ability with action sequences, there are very few surprises to be found in Set It Off	It may not boast an original plot, but Set It Off is a satisfying, socially conscious heist film thanks largely to fine performances from its leads.
This modern version practices what it preaches by taking its theme of forgetting the past by neglecting the rather entertaining first hour in favor of I don't know what.	Everything feels rushed. Instead of drinking in the futuristic wonders, we are shooed forward like tourists on a cut-rate package deal.	I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899. Cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything.	The film is weirdly disjointed and uncertain as to tone.	... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically, this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest, crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself.	This Machine has all the razzle-dazzles of modern special effects, but the movie takes a turn for the worst when it switches from a story about lost love to a confusing action-thriller.
The problem here, as in The Da Vinci Code, is that the puzzles don't invite the viewers' involvement.	Still, even if the whodunit aspect of Angels would barely pass muster on Scooby-Doo, this Ron Howard-directed sequel is less howlingly moronic than its predecessor.	This is what Transformers might have looked like without the giant robots, if Megan Fox had an IQ above 85 and if the Decepticons were electing a new Pope.	At half the length, and with half of Hanks' sneering pretension, this would make a pretty terrific action film. Anyone up for just plain Demons?	It's tighter and more exciting than The Da Vinci Code, but still hampered by a rather thorough ridiculousness.	Angels and Demons is a fast-paced thrill ride, and an improvement on the last Dan Brown adaptation, but the storyline too often wavers between implausible and ridiculous, and does not translate effectively to the big screen.
Secretariat is as sturdy and dependable as the stud it's named after. Plus, the ever-lovely Diane Lane!	So intent on being inspiring that it forgets nearly everything else, including story and character.	Even though the outcomes of the races run by Secretariat are history, you still will cheer this magnificent animal and his extraordinary owner.	Scarcely a scene goes by where Penny's savvy, grace, and generosity aren't explicitly cited by some character or another, often in the process of apologizing for not recognizing her visionary brilliance in the first place.	When the movie climactically reproduces that exhilarating Belmont, the fiction is just a pale shadow of the fact, and the realized myth that lives in our memory dies on the screen.	Rousing, heartwarming, and squarely traditional, Secretariat offers exactly what you'd expect from an inspirational Disney drama -- no more, and no less.
[W]ant[s] to be... ambitious SF drama. [But] somewhere along the way, the provocative speculation and the seriocomic tragedy got lost. Oh, and the characters got forgotten, too. Plus there's precious little authentic drama.	Prometheus is a strongly acted, superbly designed movie, an exciting and at times emetic experience. Some surprises might have been anticipated with a little thought, others not.	While I wish I liked this movie a lot more, it simply has too many interesting assets to dismiss outright.	The movie may be a scare show that leaves many questions unanswered, but Scott's craft earns an exhausted kind of respect.	On balance, the experience of watching "Prometheus" makes up for the movie's flaws, but you'll still spend a lot of time being frustrated.	Ridley Scott's ambitious quasi-prequel to Alien may not answer all of its big questions, but it's redeemed by its haunting visual grandeur and compelling performances -- particularly Michael Fassbender as a fastidious android.
A Grimm prospect for fairytale traditionalists, but breezy enough to stop tweens feeling sleepy.	rather clever! Bynes is her usual bubbly, entertaining-self	A lot of the acting is in the broad Disney Channel style.	A perky and chaste Y.A. update on Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.	This surprisingly clever coed reworking of Snow White does for dorks what Revenge of the Nerds did for, well, you know.	Amanda Bynes is charming, but Sydney White is a poorly adapted take on Snow White, relying on tired ethnic stereotypes laughs.
The film tends to be funny when confining itself to short sketches or dopey television-based humor, flat when pretending to be anything more.	Mike Myers got better later	Much of the credit for the film's success lies with Spheeris, whose confident if rough-edged direction keeps it on track and cooking.	Like the Bill & Ted movies, this one works on its intended level and then sneaks in excursions to some other levels, too.	Confronts the cultural emptiness of late 20th-century life head-on, revealing a profound hollowness in the heart of modern man (and babe).	An oddball comedy that revels in its silliness and memorable catch phrases, Wayne's World is also fondly regarded because of its endearing characters.
Likely to provide 72 minutes of enjoyment and a few scary thrills to tykes, as well as a pleasant diversion for parents.	The film lacks consistency in both charm and script quality.	While nothing here matches the original, it's a gentle, affirming destination for those in search of a pleasant, G-rated outing.	Relatively innocuous but utterly unnecessary -- except from the standpoint of unbridled capitalism.	...nobody thought to provide the new movie with anything fresh in the way of a plot or music.	This inferior rehash of The Jungle Book should have gone straight to video.
Harris has made a movie that's not entirely credible. And at times, it seems as if he's doing emotional heavy lifting for which he hasn't properly trained.	Sigourney Weaver creates a portrait of a taut, frustrated suburban mother of three whose complexity transcends the Mom as Devourer stereotypes who have prowled the movies since Mrs. Robinson stirred her first martini.	the parents are really just a little too weird and the whole film is hard to warm up to.	The morbid curiosity with which Harris pokes through their preposterously complicated affairs makes Ordinary People look like the Christmas episode of Mr. Belvedere.	Superbly acted.	Imaginary Heroes is a muddled, melodramatic and unconvincing drama.
Moooove along, there's nothing to see here! With its blatant disregard for the laws of nature, gravity and good humor, this animated adventure is little more than a series of gags... loosely strung to the plot of The Lion King.	There is a nice mix of humour and pathos here. Barnyard may not be all that exceptional, but it is quite satisfying.	The animation is perfectly colorful and the voice actors earn their paychecks, but it's blatantly obvious that this thing started production without a screenplay -- and hit the screens without a plot.	It's quick, it's painless, and there are enough laughs (and a few tears) throughout to keep everything moving along.	Don't the filmmakers know there are children watching -- and listening?	Unimaginative and unfunny, this tale of barnyard mischief borders on 'udder' creepiness and adds little to this summer's repertoire of animated films.
Si se pudiera describir el resultado final con una sola palabra, жsta serьa la de decepcionante.	Three of the most accomplished actors of their respective generations, Brando, De Niro, and Edward Norton, are underused in this old-fashioned heist crime picture.	Here you have three generations of truly great actors.	Contains The Scene, a precious sequence already destined for infinite repetition.	Oz seems determined to show us his tough-guy chops, but this simply isn't his bag, and it shows.	Though the movie treads familar ground in the heist/caper genre, DeNiro, Norton, and Brando make the movie worth watching.
What we have here is a 90-minute worm-eating contest, a spectacle that could be of interest only to robins, small-mouth bass and eight-to-11-year-old boys. Girls, don't bother. Parents and guardians, if you have to go, plan to take a nap.	Fried Worms is a Hoot with more laughs, funny enough, so long as you don't consider the worm's point of view.	In too many kid-oriented films, the child actors mouth off like small, sassy adults -- Here, the kids, refreshingly, act like kids.	With its universal themes about fitting in, How To Eat Fried Worms is an endearing family film guaranteed to provide a wriggling good time. While the premise has a certain gross-out factor which will delight eleven year old boys, the script is clever, and	Unhealthy eating is paired with a wholesome message, as the story encourages youngsters to be themselves, keep their word and accept kids who are different.	This Fear Factor for kids is good-natured and tasty enough.
[There's] a lot for two kids to handle, much less one kids' movie, and Mimzy's unsatisfyingly truncated ending doesn't even come close to pulling it all together.	Awkwardly constructed, with a lame teacher-tells-a-story-in-the-future framework that gets the film off on the wrong foot. It takes a good, long while to get going, and the action doesn't exactly crackle when it does.	The Last Mimzy is that phenomenon as welcome as the first robin of spring, a kids' movie that is more than bearable for adults.	Mimzy, whose charmingly retro FX date to around 1985, won't post Peter Jackson figures at the box office, but you can't say that Shaye doesn't have the magic touch.	The film wisely does not try to wow the CGI-savvy audience with its special effects, keeping them low-key enough to feel enticingly possible.	The Last Mimzy makes efforts to be a fun children's movie, but unsuccessfully juggles too many genres and subplots -- eventually settling as an unfocused, slightly dull affair.
This oddball film's mashup innovations often come at the price of storytelling discipline and, to some extent, common sense.	The storytelling is unfussy but still implies backstory and emotional connections that take a while to become clear.	It bridges the cautionary elements of a horror film with the wish-fulfilling platitudes of a touristy romance.	It's an odd yet oddly engaging combination of horror, romance, and dark comedy, and it's certainly one of the most original genre films you'll see all year.	The protagonist of this low-budget indie is so well characterized that it might have developed into a straight drama instead of the horror movie it becomes, though of course that's the key to most good genre films.	Rich in atmosphere and intelligence, Spring is a singular horror film with a sneaky, lingering impact.
Supposedly, Another Happy Day is meant to be a dark comedy. Unfortunately, demanding it is comedic on the box does not make the actual film so.	Rarely has a tale been more thoroughly ugly in every respect, and to no meaningful end.	Both anguished and histrionic and in its strongest moments very, very good. But it is also overpopulated, strident and constitutionally unable to step back and scrutinize itself.	A searing look at the modern family dynamic, and the way love and hate can be inter-changable at times. Ellen Barkin is Oscar worthy.	Combines some of the stock elements of a family film with an extra something - a go-for-the-jugular quality, a kind of Ingmar Bergman-like honesty and viciousness that brings it up a notch.	Another Happy Day features outstanding performances (Ellen Barkin's especially) but the characters are too unpleasant to endure.
What Kurosawa implies in this haunting film is that in the retelling, inevitably every man will make himself out to be the hero or villain of the story.	Copiado ŕ exaustăo por cineastas de todo o mundo, Rashomon é inigualável - năo apenas por sua estrutura, mas por sua bela análise sobre a natureza humana.	The moral ambiguities of the film certainly are enlightening.	An impressive piece of work, visually and rhythmically masterful.	The mixture of bravura camera work, muscular direction and inventive storytelling remains unmissable.	One of legendary director Akira Kurosawa's most acclaimed films, Rashomon features an innovative narrative structure, brilliant acting, and a thoughtful exploration of reality versus perception.
The film's blueness (in an X-rated sense) will turn some faces red, have the guys in the audience panting, and burn Lohan's name into the marquee.	Georgia Rule doesn't make you feel good; it makes you queasy.	Quite a bit smarter than some of director Garry Marshall's other weepies... but his big, happy, clumsy style ultimately isn't suited for finely tuned melodrama.	If there's not a dry eye in the house when Lilly and Rachel finally hug, it's only because audiences will have cleared out by that point.	Spin it however they like, the troubled but talented Lohan isn't what's wrong with this misbegotten mess.	Comedic and dramatic in all the wrong places, Georgia Rule is a confused dramedy that wastes the talents of its fine cast.
Director Charles Shyer and his co-writing/producing partner Nancy Meyers have managed to bring the story of the 1950 film into the '90s, remain faithful to the source material and still make an up-to-date, warm comedy.	A very funny film	[A] slight but delightfully sweet-natured new comedy starring Steve Martin.	This feel-good finale might feel even better, though, if it had any true connection to the pat, amiable, and rather dawdling farce that preceded it.	"Father of the Bride" should bring a smile to anyone who's been in a family that's had a wedding-regardless of your point of view. But the sequel doesn't offer quite the same level of comedy and insight.	While it doesn't quite hit the heights of the original, this remake of the 1950 classic is pleasantly enjoyable, thanks in large part to winning performances from Steve Martin and Martin Short.
Aside from the script's lightness of touch, it's the characters' small quirks and tics that bring the film to such vibrant life.	It shows us how rare love is - and how we need to grab it and not let it go.	I miss the ensemble fullness and quirky pacing of Holofcener's Friends with Money and Please Give, but there are enough dissonances, parentheticals, and curlicues to remind you why her movies are like no other's.	Helping anchor affairs, though, is the bear-like Gandolfini, who brings charm and gravitas to a movie that might otherwise have seemed very superficial.	The result is one of the most honest recent comedies about romances that flourish, marriages that totter and the difficulties of raising children with the right blend of respect, discipline and support.	Wryly charming, impeccably acted, and ultimately quite bittersweet, Enough Said is a grown-up movie in the best possible way.
Essentially, it's claptrap.	It's sad to see a great director burn out.	Feels more planned than passionate.	Most of the boo moments are obvious a mile off, which makes it hard to be properly frightened, or even startled.	Zemeckis keeps things taut for edge-of-your-seat excitement until all is dead and done.	Robert Zemeckis is unable to salvage an uncompelling and unoriginal film.
The freshest and most heartfelt teen-angst to come along since "Easy A." (Stephen) Chbosky directs with sensitive confidence and wrings impressive work out of his young leads.	A touching and consistently witty story about a fateful year of high school.	One of the truest coming-of-age films in recent memory.	Where Chbosky does score is in conveying the joyful release teenagers feel on finding themselves and finding their soul-mate peers - something his characters do with the aid of the emotional touchstones provided by British post-punk classics.	[The] characters, though familiar, become multidimensional and transcend stereotypes and the hot-button issues.	The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a heartfelt and sincere adaptation that's bolstered by strong lead performances.
An extraordinary real-life story, extraordinarily told ... For better and for worse, The Tillman Story is America.	Sure, it's funny when a TV pundit talks about "glorious tales," and the film immediately cuts to a politician's silly-looking toupee, but it undermines the more unique aspects of Tillman's case.	Well-paced, methodical and seemingly thorough...	Amazingly ... The Tillman Story is utterly entertaining, even as it infuriates.	Expertly demonstrates the bumper sticker, 'Governments lie. Soldiers die.'	Passionate, angry, and insightful, The Tillman Story offers a revealing portrait of its subject's inspiring life and untimely death.
Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight.	While you must love dogs, it's ok if you just really like the movie. What I love is the match John Cusack and Diane Lane make on camera.	This one's a dog, all right.	It works all right as sort of cinematic comfort food.	The Partridge Family sing-along almost killed me.	Despite good work from its likable leads, the romantic comedy Must Love Dogs is too predictable.
A profoundly disturbing film.	Illuminates Wuornos' tragedy and eats into your mind.	Broomfield's film is typically self-aggrandizing but filled with unsettling moments.	While I prefer more even-handed approaches to documentary film, there’s no denying the power of the footage, particularly that featuring [Aileen] Wuornos.	The most intense depiction of the complicated relationship between documentary filmmaker and subject of all time.	This chilling, unsettling documentary provides an eye-opening look at both Wuornos and the American justice system.
Wonderful sports documentary covering the 1974 heavyweight championship fight in Zaire.	This is the real deal.	To think of this marvelous film as merely a boxing documentary is to miss a lot.	Almost too concentrated on Ali, but the story plays well with an exhilarating pace and plenty of well-remembered expositional details.	There is a palpable tension, as the two men step into the ring, that is not lessened because we know the outcome.	An engrossing documentary that's as much about at time and a place as it is about a fight.
It brought back some of the excitement I felt nearly a decade ago watching Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs.	It's well-acted and clever and knows how to tell a story.	A parlor psychodrama, complete with chiseled, Mamet-style dialogue and a ferociously theatrical turn from Kingsley.	An astonishing underwater robbery scene highlights this amazingly staged and acted film. A must-see.	Ben Kingsley goes way over the top in a departure from his traditionally more subdued roles.	Sexy Beast rises above other movies in the British gangster genre due to its performances -- particularly an electrifying one by Ben Kingsley -- and the script's attention to character development.
Years after the near total destruction of Sarajevo, life in the capital of Bosnia-Herzegovina goes on. But for some, like the survivor at the center of Jasmila Zabnic's shattering debut feature, there's no escaping the ghosts of a violent past.	[Director Jasmila] Zbanic is such an acute observer of women's lives in their intimate details, and constructs such fine scenes, that I think this might be the best film to emerge from the aftermath of the Balkan conflict.	Though in writer-director Jasmila Zbanic's gritty, affecting film the Bosnian war has been over for more than a decade, it is hardly absent in the memories of those struggling to lead normal lives amid the rubble.	The admirable feminist agenda occasionally trips up the narrative, but the film's performances keep it on track.	Jasmila Zbanic's writing and directing debut takes a personal look at a citizenry reeling in the aftermath of war.	An emotionally blunt and gripping drama, Grbavica deftly explores the emotional toll that all wars take upon those who survive them.
Like the shambling VW van its hapless characters steer from Albuquerque to Redondo Beach, Little Miss Sunshine is a rickety vehicle that travels mostly downhill.	Little Miss Sunshine is all about failure--personal failure, public failure, professional failure, romantic failure, car failure, eye failure, even heart failure. And yet the film, from newcomers Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, is a winner.	Little Miss Sunshine, a slight but charming movie, is a modest winner.	Little Miss Sunshine transcends the stereotypical trappings of the genre with a perfect blend of drama, humor and satire.	Beneath its oddball veneer, Little Miss Sunshine is a knowing injunction against a society that requires every American to be a winner, when simply being a human being used to be enough.	Little Miss Sunshine succeeds thanks to a strong ensemble cast that includes Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Toni Collette, Alan Arkin, and Abigail Breslin, as well as a delightfully funny script.
Drawbacks and all, it's heartening to have "Wadjda" around.	A warm, winning, restless film...Beautiful, modestly progressive and heartfelt, with a wonderful, brash central performance from first-timer Waad Mohammed.	Rarely underlining her points when a subtle observation can be made instead, writer-director Haifaa Al-Mansour deftly shows us a Saudi Arabia in flux.	Films like Wadjda do not come around very often.	A simple story told with economy, "Wadjda" is a notable example of old-school, humanistic filmmaking.	Transgressive in the best possible way, Wadjda presents a startlingly assured new voice from a corner of the globe where cinema has been all but silenced.
James Ponsoldt's funny and touching coming-of-age tale covers old ground with disarming freshness... By taking it slow, The Spectacular Now takes a piece out of you.	[Ponsoldt] enjoys playing with our expectations by following conventions, luring us into the sense that we know what's coming, and then swerving just a little off-road for a detour.	The film eventually begins to work against itself and erodes the goodwill that it had earned.	One of the best modern coming-of-age tales, told with depth and, more importantly, wisdom.	The key to The Spectacular Now's success is in its insight, empathy, and fantastic performances.	The Spectacular Now is an adroit, sensitive film that avoids typical coming-of-age story trappings.
Valkyrie is a highly intelligent and deeply engrossing historical drama and, frame for frame, the year's most suspenseful nail-biter.	There are some powerful moments and [it's] an interesting true story.	Feels like a perfectly enjoyable mid-'50s war movie that's been re-made with only the finest in modern cinematic technology.	Bryan Singer has capably crafted this war thriller in such a way that one occasionally forgets the foregone conclusion and becomes wrapped up in the excitement of the moment.	Not only is Singer's filmmaking aesthetically frustrating (lacking coherent visual rhythm) but his juvenile regard of the July 20, 1944, plot to kill Hitler -- one of 15 documented attempts -- is intellectually insulting.	Given the subject matter, Valkyrie could have been an outstanding historical thriller, but settles for being a mildly entertaining, but disposable yarn.
Much of the film's unsettling nature is comprised of sheer silence which is often the most dangerous element...	It's a really powerful piece of work.	A shattering emotional study that deglamorizes violence by dissecting the far-reaching ramifications of a single violent act.	As good as the performances are, much of the movie flounders.	Tremendously powerful... emotions below the surface are made devastatingly clear	Expertly crafted and performed, In the Bedroom is a quietly wrenching portrayal of grief.
Billy Connolly alone upholds the X-Files creepiness brand. His visionary Father Joe is darkly credible, throwing into relief the film's many weaknesses.	Seeing any movie after watching The Dark Knight is like dating another woman after you break up with Angelina Jolie, but Duchovny and Anderson find their rhythm quickly and still have a fun chemistry together.	What is amazing%u2014and flies in the face of most conventions of the mystery genre%u2014is that once Mulder and Scully are convinced out of retirement, they do absolutely nothing to advance the case.	Superbly made with an edge of the seat tension that lingers, X-Files fans will be more than satisfied as the credible and incredible sit side by side in an explosive melee.	The movie delivers the same bracing blend of intelligence and adrenaline that made The X-Files such an enjoyable TV series.	The chemistry between leads David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson do live up to The X-Files' televised legacy, but the roving plot and droning routines make it hard to identify just what we're meant to believe in.
Powered by a hard-hitting performance from Colin Farrell, Phone Booth will keep you riveted to your seat--and make you turn that darn cell phone off, for a little while at least.	It's a movie perfectly designed for tossing back popcorn.	The movie is Farrell's to win or lose, since he's onscreen most of the time, and he shows energy and intensity.	Built on an idea so clever that even Joel Schumacher ... can't entirely botch it.	Nothing about Stu, in the end, is really important enough to justify the Sturm und Drang of Phone Booth or its tempest in a telecommunications teapot.	Quick pacing and Farrell's performance help make Phone Booth a tense nail-biter.
The Lady Vanishes exhibits Director Alfred Hitchcock, England's portly master of melodrama, at the top of his form.	Hitchcock at his freshest and lightest.	This film, minus the deft and artistic handling of the director, Alfred Hitchcock, despite its cast and photography, would not stand up for Grade A candidacy.	Enormously entertaining mystery-comedy, that is also filled with feminist and political commentary.	Hitchock combines thrills and fun in this wonderful offbeat spy yarn. A winner.	One of Alfred Hitchcock's last British films, this glamorous thriller provides an early glimpse of the director at his most stylishly entertaining.
A fascinating documentary about a peculiarly American institution.	Like language itself, Spellbound takes 26 letters, arranges them just so, and touches our souls.	This is a great sports movie that doesn't need a field, a court or a ball.	It's impossible to watch the movie and not remember the heart-stopping terror of your own school days in a myriad of smaller scale events that are the blood brothers of this competition.	Strap in for 90 minutes of spelling-bee excitement	A suspenseful, gripping documentary that features an engaging cross section of American children.
The latest in Disney's line of films about real-life sports figures never settles for easy answers.	About the only people bound to find fault are die-hard Giants, Cowboys, and Redskins fans	It has been done so many times, and so often by Disney, that the real surprise in a movie like this is when it does manage to surprise.	As far as sports films go, Invincible doesn't offer anything original or notable ... except Mark Wahlberg's performance.	Wahlberg and the rest of the solid cast sell this ESPN equivalent of a Lifetime movie.	As simple and authentic as the gritty South Philly invirons in which it's set in, Invincible sends a uplifting and heartfelt message packed with an athletic enthusiasm that shouldn't be missed.
It's hard to dislike a film that so stubbornly refuses to take any aspect of itself seriously.	Very violent, mostly in comic-book terms.	Parlez vous rip-off? No action adventure is spared a repeat performance in this CG-saturated nightmare.	A piss-poor mummy movie indeed that doesn't deliver a damn thing worth preserving.	A whiplash-inducing visual assault composed of magic images and human derring-do.	In The Mummy Returns, the special effects are impressive, but the characters seem secondary to the computer generated imagery.
Spectacularly entertaining -- fast-paced, glib, thrilling, and slickly produced. It's better than most summertime action romps even bother trying to be.	One could melt into the luxury of the experience Mr. Abrams provides and objectively appreciate every penny spent in the budget as there is not a false or cheesy speck to be found on screen.	It boldly goes somewhere different and makes it hard to leave the film not hoping for a return voyage soon.	This Star Trek essentially turns out to be a war film, with the occasional philosophical timeout to discuss love, friendship, and duty until the next bone-crunching fistfight or multi-weapon rumble with the Romulans.	Whether watching Kirk and Sulu skydive from space, a rural Mid-West dotted with vast interstellar towers, or Kirk do battle with a very ill-tempered beastie on a frozen moon, it's hard not to gape in wonder.	Star Trek reignites a classic franchise with action, humor, a strong story, and brilliant visuals, and will please traditional Trekkies and new fans alike.
Margaret doesn't throw punches, just rolls with them. Some of her actions can't be objectively condoned. But through a maternal prism, Tilda Swinton makes sure they're understood, with skill sly enough to register strongly in the most ordinary of roles.	Fans of intelligent, quirky thrillers with absorbing characters shouldn't hesitate to take the bait.	Despite a couple of interesting twists and an excellent lead performance, their potentially interesting story is eventually undermined by too many holes and inconsistencies.	Even when The Deep End takes an unfortunate turn toward convention, Swinton is still there, pulling us along.	Takes the quiet, nonviolent approach to conjuring up thrills.	A well-acted film noir with arresting visuals.
The movie is very wise, but also unbelievably funny, proving again that the line between comedy and tragedy is a thin one. Forgetting Sarah Marshall makes you laugh and squirm in recognition at the same time.	For a film that's been lauded for its daring display of full-frontal male nudity, I got the nagging feeling that it actually played things pretty safe.	Sarah Marshall is familiar, if not fresh. Which is reassuring to those not looking for the new new thing.	Raunchy humor and genuine emotion typical of Apatow's films, but it lacks the moralizing and social commentary found in 40-Year-Old Virgin and Knocked Up	The writing is sharp throughout, and the interplay -- particularly when the two couples finally stake their battle lines -- is juicy and believable.	With ample laughs and sharp performances, Forgetting Sarah Marshall finds just the right mix of romantic and raunchy comedy.
The only performer to emerge without a professional scratch is Thompson, who as usual makes the most of her character, warts and all.	Poopy fun for the tots, but Maggie Smith deserves better	It still has charm, magic and Emma Thompson -- and that's more than you can say about a lot of family films.	It has entertainment value, but it's no classic -- and there's no need for a third outing.	Writer/producer/star Emma Thompson resurrects the titular, magic-practising child-carer of her 2005 Mary Poppins-riffing hit for yet more old-fashioned, family-centric fun in this slightly improved sequel.	Emma Thompson's second labor of love with the Nanny McPhee character actually improves on the first, delivering charming family fare with an excellent cast.
You can feel Daniels struggling to trust his mighty goddesses to carry the film. (He wedges in shots of boiling pigs feet to make sure we're queasy.)	Gabourey Sidibe and Mo'Nique are utterly compelling, and hopefully their performances will be recognised come Oscar time.	Recommending "Precious" proves challenging, regardless of the film's quality. ... But to skip it would mean missing some fantastic performances.	The fetid insanity of it all seems appropriate given the circumstances.	There are pitfalls inherent in this kind of story, but indie director Lee Daniels sidesteps them, crafting a feature that is both emotionally honest and stirring.	Precious is a grim yet ultimately triumphant film about abuse and inner-city life, largely bolstered by exceptional performances from its cast.
Joel e Ethan Coen formam, possivelmente, a dupla mais inventiva que já passou por Hollywood.	While film is filled with many splendid touches and plenty of yocks, it often doesn't hold together as a coherent story.	The film is fast and it's funny. And it's not like most of the other comedies out there.	Raising Arizona... is an explosively clever and riotously funny exploration of fertility, homemaking, and the working class in the prisons and trailer parks of the desert southwest.	Raising Arizona possesses such a bounty of thematic offerings that, despite its objective strengths, no praise matches the height of my own commendation	A terrifically original, eccentric screwball comedy, Raising Arizona may not be the Coens' most disciplined movie, but it's one of their most purely entertaining.
That 1994 must have been a pretty exciting year to live!	It's just a bit too uneven to take advantage of its strengths.	As time-travel pictures go, this Jean-Claude Van Damme vehicle is a passable but disappointing excursion into well-traveled terrain.	Time paradoxes are supposed to be mind-boggling; Timecop has reduced them to a level somewhere between confusing and dumb.	Being a time-travel epic, plot holes abound here, but it's Van Damme's cute little attempt at being the family man that ruins that oh-so-necessary willing suspension of disbelief.	It's no Terminator, but for those willing to suspend disbelief and rational thought, Timecop provides limited sci-fi action rewards.
Even when nothing is happening, the often dead-silent shots tend to grow scarier the more you look at them.	...reaffirms familiar scare tactics...taps into a certain kind of eeriness implicit in the threat to suburban domesticity, which was precisely what made "Poltergeist" so frightening back in the day.	Where is Steven Spielberg when you need him for a clever ending? I had trouble sleeping for three weeks after the original film but I slept perfectly fine after the sequel.	Even if it's never quite as chillingly, insidiously real, the sequel -- if that's the right word -- intersects with the first film in a pleasingly malevolent fashion that creeps up on you as the time-code ticks by.	The tension builds in 'Paranormal Activity 2,' a kind of prequel to the hit 'Paranormal Activity.' And I see a Halloween franchise in the making - one that's much weaker and less worthy than the 'Saw' films.	Paranormal Activity 2 doesn't cover any new ground, but its premise is still scary -- and in some respects, it's a better film than the original.
Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer, his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical.	There's nothing extremely wrong with this piece, but there's nothing terribly right about it, either.	The highlight is Pacino, who gives his best performance in years.	When all else is said and done, Insomnia runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino's performance.	Insomnia is based on a 1997 Norwegian film, and though there are some key plot differences, the elements that made the original so memorable remain.	Driven by Pacino's performance, Insomnia is a smart and riveting psychological drama.
The film is really much ado about very little because it takes no stand and gives little insight into the Chopper's psyche , all while too carefully catering to his machinated media image.	Whether or not you care if Chopper lives or dies, you simply can't take your eyes off him.	Strong, effective but often stomach-churning portrait.	Apesar de soar incompleto, o filme jamais deixa de fascinar graзas а atuaзгo magistral de Eric Bana - que, em vбrios momentos, me fez lembrar do jovem Robert De Niro.	You wonder why anyone even bothered.	Eric Bana's performance as the charming but twisted Chopper is the highlight of this disturbing portrait about Australia's notorious author/criminal.
A giant pinball game of a movie, Run Lola Run may be superficial and relatively meaningless, but it sure is great fun.	The populist bang of Speed meets snobbish, espresso-fueled elitism.	Lola, played with unbounded energy in an utterly captivating performance by Franka Potente, does exactly that, run almost the entire movie.	A film of nonstop motion and visual invention.	Teenagers with a taste for the offbeat may enjoy.	More fun than a barrel of Jean-Paul Sartre, pic's energy riffs on an engaging love story and really human performances while offering a series of what-ifs and a blood-stirring soundtrack.
[Meshkini's] filmmaking debut announces the arrival of an undeniable talent that has come of age.	Slight but affecting.	Through Meshkini's lens, their stories are sad, funny, cathartic and beautiful.	Creates a flow of symbolism so potent, so transporting in its physicality, that its impact all but transcends its righteous liberal 'meaning.'	..."The Day I Became a Woman" doesn't really capture the imagination at the end.	Meshkini has made an excellent contribution to Iranian cinema with this poetic, emotionally poignant film.
A guilty pleasure.	Russo is a hot-stuff revelation here. It's enough to make Nicole Kidman put her clothes back on.	Engaging and well-acted!	In 1999, was there a more suave man on the planet than Pierce Brosnan?	Ridiculous performances.	Sleek, stylish, and painlessly diverting, The Thomas Crown Affair is a remake of uncommon charm.
It shows the worst things that people do to each other in the name of religion. This could have been more of a thought-provoking film, but it turns into a gore porn display.	There's something here for just about everyone, or at least for everyone who looks back fondly on the similarly themed Wicker Man from 1973.	Dark and dirty entertainment.	It derives horrified fascination from its audience without ever smirking or looking down on us.	Having set his characters adrift in a world gone-to-hell, Smith proceeds to leave them (and us) hanging. The result is a brave, serious-minded but odd film that promises more than it delivers.	Black Death delivers the fire and brimstone violence its subject matter warrants, while posing some interesting questions of faith and religion.
Daggers is a jaw-dropping spectacle that outclasses 'Crouching Tiger'	An outrageously gorgeous spectacle of balletic aggression.	One of the most visually astonishing martial-arts fantasies ever made.	An exercise in sheer joy. This is pure entertainment at its best, and one of the best pictures of the year.	This one is a feast for the eyeballs, a treat for the romantically-inclined, and a full-course feast for the action aficionados.	The visual splendor of the movie makes up for the weak story.
A handsome and stylish film with barely a false note in the performances.	A biting, darkly funny portrait of xenophobia, poverty and social confusion that has enveloped the Czech Republic some 15 years after Vaclav Havel's Velvet Revolution.	A bleakly funny and trenchant comedy.	Up and Down establishes its own personality, managing to remain ambiguous while neatly tying together the two narratives.	When you understand its message, the film takes on a different level.	A tragi-comic exploration of the universal search for stability in post-Communist Prague.
What makes the film remarkable is how delicately it whips up its intricate contrivances; what makes it a masterpiece is that it does none of the things we expect with those contrivances.	The care that Akin expends on his people is skimped in the structure of his screenplay.	He [director Fatih Akin] makes the random moments and chance encounters of life seem both utterly unpredictable and completely inevitable.	The Edge of Heaven is the movie Babel so badly wanted to be.	Strong and artful and well-made, but it also feels like its unpredictability is actually predictable, that its unconventional narrative is, in fact, conventional.	Evocative and complex, this story of struggling immigrants in Germany will stay with you after you leave the theater.
Like a Cheesecake Blizzard: It's a pulpy mess loaded with empty calories, but it's so divine that once you start, you can't help but shovel it into your mouth until the last drop, brain freeze and diet be damned.	It is a shame to see so much good talent giving such low-yield results.	This film is 'exploitation' in more than one sense of the word.	A fun, tongue-in-cheek gorefest that both spoofs and celebrates the glories of B-grade exploitation vehicles.	Rodriguez has a lot of fun dreaming up cool ways to kill people (he's making this his life's work), but he also gets something resembling a performance from Tarantino and transforms Clooney into a full-fledged movie star.	A pulpy crime drama/vampire film hybrid, From Dusk Till Dawn is an uneven but often deliriously enjoyable B-movie.
The Safdies observe it all with a smart, sensitive eye, and of the truth miss nothing. Holmes, meanwhile, is electrifying: she really is a star.	Powerful and poetic, with a lush sense of realism.	Heaven Knows What is a stringently unromantic portrait of fringe dwelling and love, but its authentically monotone picture of street life also makes it kind of deadening.	A striking portrait of addiction that doesn't say anything new - drugs are bad, kids - but it leaves a lasting and chilling impression.	The downward ride of two self-destructive heroin addicts living on the mean streets of New York City.	Grueling and rewarding in equal measure, Heaven Knows What hits hard -- and serves as a powerful calling card for its captivating star, Arielle Holmes.
...essentially serves as the setup for the far superior Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior.	Mad Max is ugly and incoherent, and aimed, probably accurately, at the most uncritical of moviegoers.	[The] film has been consigned to the grind houses, where audiences are responding as Miller wants them to. From there Mad Max will find its way to the film schools and revival houses, where its tough-gutted intelligence may be appreciated.	Its perhaps unjustified narrative shortcuts hardly seem to be much worth complaining about in the middle of its flawless action sequences.	Like all of the best exploitation films, it transcends its limitations while simultaneously embracing them.	Staging the improbable car stunts and crashes to perfection, director George Miller succeeds completely in bringing the violent, post-apocalyptic world of Mad Max to visceral life.
The film does an excellent job of capturing the pervasive violence that rocked the era, from Vietnam to Altamont.	A smart, absorbing, often exhilarating documentary.	A chilling, cautionary tale that needs to be seen by a wide audience. My only fear is that many will take away the wrong message from the film, thinking how daring these young revolutionaries were as they tried to blow up our government.	A keen-eyed and occasionally sardonically comical look at how good intentions -- even noble ones -- can cross the line.	Green and Siegel have done an extraordinary job of bottling a pivotal moment in American history -- the feel and the frenzy of it -- then uncorking it so that the audience experiences both the rush and the horror of violent political action.	Fascinating documentary about the militant Weathermen.
This is an intense and fast-paced film that sometimes literally takes your breath away.	Why gripe about a few minor inconsistencies? Just relax and enjoy the show.	Proves that having an inspired idea is only half the battle in making a good movie.	A triumphantly original film that manages to thrill and uplift with equal deftness.	What do you get when you cross a serial-killer movie with a sappy father/son drama and give it a time-travel twist? An overblown Twilight Zone episode whose flood of treacly sentiment is partially concealed under the sci-fi trappings.	A tight blend of surprises and suspense keeps audiences spellbound.
Burn this. This cannot be seen. By anyone.	When we finally see the Pacino commercial, the actor's response is to demand they destroy all copies of it. Would they had done that with this movie.	One Adam Sandler is bad enough, but 'Jack and Jill' proves how much worse it can be when there are two...goes from conventionally terrible to surrealistically awful.	The worst Adam Sandler picture yet, which is saying something.	One can only wonder if Steve Koren's screenplay is in part inspired by Sandler's real-life attempt as a producer to pull Pacino into this wreck.	Although it features an inexplicably committed performance from Al Pacino, Jack and Jill is impossible to recommend on any level whatsoever.
A really, really dumb film, but it's lots and lots of fun and entirely lacking in malice.	..a rollicking, wild adventure in which a very buff Matthew McConaughey, and his able sidekick, Steve Zahn, have more fun than any movie pair since Mel Gibson and Danny Glover	...nobody could've expected the unbelievable sense of dullness that's permeating every aspect of the film.	Like a lightweight novel suitable for beach reading, Sahara is mildly entertaining, but I can't recommend it.	Mightily agreeable foolishness ... one of the few cases where the phrase, "the book was better," actually doesn't apply.	A mindless adventure flick with a preposterous plot.
The only people likely to be disappointed will be those who bother to wonder how good 50 First Dates could have been.	Although its goofy high-concept premise won't bear much scrutiny, it offers a less predictable ride than their first pairing, and lush Hawaiian locations to boot.	[Its good aspects] shame the overriding lack of commitment in finding an assured tone and better jokes.	Neither tolerable nor fun.	I had hard time believing that someone as shallow as Henry would all of the sudden drop everything in his life for this girl, but the film is surprisingly winning.	Gross-out humor overwhelms the easy chemistry between Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore, who bring some energy and yucks to this tale of a girl with short-term memory loss and the guy who tries to get her to love him.
Most of these roughly eight-minute segments are instantly forgettable, despite the talent involved.	As with Paris, Je T'Aime, New York, I Love You works as both romance film and seductive travelogue, but some will find its 'arty' posturing more maddening than magical.	In truth, alas, it's the film itself that's short of ideas.	Not every story is cliche, of course, just as not all are bad, but the rotten apples have a tendency to spoil the bunch.	..worth the effort for the four pieces called out - Nair's is deep and playful at the same time, Attal's very well written and acted. Hughes' is perhaps the best example of the theme...while Akin's is the most visually inventive and mysterious	Like many anthologies, New York, I Love You has problems of consistency, but it isn't without its moments.
Mr. Depp isn't best known as a comic actor, but he gives a witty and captivating performance, bringing wonderful buoyancy to this crazy role.	Depp-led cult-director bio delves into cross-dressing, kink.	It's refreshing to see Burton in a relatively upbeat mood, but he picked the wrong story to give an optimistic spin.	Tim Burton's masterpiece	Outrageously disjointed and just as outrageously entertaining, the picture stands as a successful outsider's tribute to a failed kindred spirit.	Tim Burton and Johnny Depp team up to fete the life and work of cult hero Ed Wood, with typically strange and wonderful results.
Click to read the article.	It proves that Disney can be beaten at their own game.	Bluth has rediscovered the ingredients of quality mainstream animation...	Although a cartoon, this is actually a really entertaining film for everyone.	Any film that echoes the landscape of Doctor Zhivago is hard to dislike for too long.	Beautiful animation, an affable take on Russian history, and strong voice performances make Anastasia a winning first film from Fox animation studios.
Not that the move isn't fun in spots; it's just a TV-ready mix of camp and curdle.	A muddled melange of genres that fails to come up with a distinct identity.	Nunca termina por definir si se trata de una historia de amor, de horror o una comedia	A flat, unappealing potion!	The only thing unpredictable about Practical Magic is the unpleasant surprise one feels when the movie reveals itself as a irritatingly creepy supernatural thriller, rather than the offbeat romantic comedy the ads make it out to be.	Comedy, romance, and humor mix with unsatisfying results.
Very well informed about the legal origins of corporations and their current near omnipotence.	It's a movie so chock full of information, so dense with context and analysis that it will keep you thinking and reacting, no matter what your bent or slant -- and no matter where you stand on the world-wide corporate ladder.	The Corporation is a hard-hitting, innovative and thought-provoking documentary about a beast that has grown too powerful and too dangerous to ignore any longer.	A smart and scary film.	Abrangente, jornalisticamente impecável, inteligente, complexo e socialmente responsável - mas também repetitivo e mais longo do que o ideal.	The Corporation is a satisfyingly dense, thought-provoking rebuttal to some of capitalism's central arguments.
Walking Tall doesn't measure up. Hopefully, next time The Rock will pick a role that stretches more than his biceps.	This is a classic example of a film assuming we will be on the side of its protagonist just BECAUSE he's the protagonist. In fact, he behaves like a big, dumb animal.	I know it's a movie, and sure, the bad guys are pretty brutal, but siccing this hulk of a man on the town, no matter what his intentions, doesn't spell justice to me.	You won't be hungry for seconds by the time the last baddie hits the floor, but you won't be checking your watch repeatedly, either.	A routine showcase, modest in its aspiration and effective within its limits, entertaining in the moment but, in the end, faintly silly.	The Rock makes a competent hero, but the movie is content to let a 2x4 do all the talking.
Beautifully majestic...often awe-inspiring...five times better than Episode I.	The magic has definitely been recaptured.	The film has that Star Wars atmosphere fully in place, complete with a thematic resonance and a reliance on strong personalities interacting to drive the events forward.	Enjoy this film they will.	By far the best movie to be released so far in 2002.	Though it still suffers from an overabundance of exposition, the action quotient is upped considerably in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones, which makes it an improvement over The Phantom Menace.
The great courtroom drama. Fast-paced compelling mystery with moral undertones.	It probably will win some Oscars, but if this is the best film of the year, it is a pretty poor year for films.	It's a grand undertaking that wrangles with the heavy questions that cropped up at Nuremberg and My Lai, questions that deserve and get lots of imposing shots of monuments and not a little swashbuckling from the big stars.	Although Nicholson has little more than an extended cameo, he seizes the final courtroom scene and makes it a tour de force of cinema.	Only Jack Nicholson rises to the film's overblown sensibility.	An old-fashioned courtroom drama with a contemporary edge, A Few Good Men succeeds on the strength of its stars, with Tom Cruise, Demi Moore, and especially Jack Nicholson delivering powerful performances that more than compensate for the predictable plot.
A marginal success, but it could have been a complete one if the people behind the camera did as good a job as those in front of it.	Groundhog Day is a good vehicle for Murray, tailored to his deadpan style, and should please fans disappointed by some the comedian's recent movies.	The movie is expertly calculated to derive maximum comic energy from Bill Murray's great, deadpan mug and his drop-dead I'm-not-impressed line readings.	An inventive and consistently humorous movie that depends on the ultimate gimmick.	...We take pleasure in screenwriters [Harold] Ramis and Danny Rubin out-fantasizing us.	Smart, sweet, and inventive, Groundhog Day highlights Murray's dramatic gifts while still leaving plenty of room for laughs.
The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever. It's without charm as well as interest.	You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.	It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again. But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.	Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.	Crystal is a miraculous rush of innovation and storytelling patience, and, in the last 25 years, the film has grown from a 1982 misfire, to a cult wonder, to a bona-fide classic that's timeless in stature and masterful in execution.	The Dark Crystal's narrative never quite lives up to the movie's visual splendor, but it remains an admirably inventive and uniquely intense entry in the Jim Henson canon.
There's a lot of uses of cliches, but all are handled with some lovely self-concious fun.	Ironically, the predictability is actually one of the film's virtues.	Craven has expressed a desire to get out of the horror business. Maybe that's why he's set out to make more than a horror movie. He's contributing to a long tradition of reflexive films, going back as far as the turn of the century.	Clever, quick and bloody funny. 'Bloody' being the operative word.	Whatever you do, don't close your mind to such an inventive concoction. One last time, despite all your better instincts, go ahead -- open that theater door.	Horror icon Wes Craven's subversive deconstruction of the genre is sly, witty, and surprisingly effective as a slasher film itself, even if it's a little too cheeky for some.
The detached clinical methodical style of some reptilian film critics since its release scrutinize the positioning of the camera in the rape scene-- almost like an autopsy.	The lurid gimmick of a barking sideshow host.	It feels less like a movie and more like a violation... Noe subverts cheap satisfactions of the genre and questions how we look at revenge pictures in the first place.	You say you hated it and it made you throw up? That's the spirit!	Shocking, disturbing, and a daring, electrifying work.	Though well-filmed, Irreversible feels gratuitous in its extreme violence.
Though a notch below "Royale," "Skyfall" follows that reboot's lead, making a now 50-year-old icon as cool as when he began.	Too often this martini is sloppy, not smooth.	If our 21st-century spies must be dark instead of Pop, let them be presented with as much conviction and professionalism as in 'Skyfall,' the best movie yet with Daniel Craig as a particularly vulnerable bruiser of a Bond for a cynical post-Cold War era.	Skyfall abounds with bum notes and unfortunate compromises. But Mendes has found many fresh things to do with this dusty old machine.	One hell of an action movie. But yes, its goals are high enough, and perhaps even misguided enough, that meeting them may create some potential problems for the franchise.	Sam Mendes brings Bond surging back with a smart, sexy, riveting action thriller that qualifies as one of the best 007 films to date.
like a wine with a hint of bacon laced with melon, its contrasting elements coalesce to make Bottle Shock a palatable, if not thoroughly nuanced, experience.	It's passable, while hinting at better things.	The movie provides Pullman with a lead role, which is something you can raise a glass to. But as for the rest of it? Sorry, but I'll have a Diet Coke instead.	A fascinating true story... is buried in a mundane story of generational conflict.	This is a charming triumph-of-the-underdog flick, and mostly for one reason: Alan Rickman.	Bottle Shock fails to properly utilize the inspiring true tale at its core, settling instead for an ordinary, plodding account.
One of the most repulsive kiddie movies ever made.	It has filler that ranges from the superfluous to the distracting and some inexcusably vulgar humor, but when Cat takes over, it is entertaining.	A lackluster and nearly charmless affair.	A truer title would be Mike Myers' Cat in the Hat, since this coarse, loud assault on the senses bears few traces of Dr. Seuss's tartly whimsical sensibility but fairly oozes Myers's brand of smirking humor.	With the matted fur and white makeup, this Cat looks like a shirtless Robin Williams trying to do a dual impersonation of Paul Lynde and Grandpa Al Lewis.	Filled with double entendres and potty humor, this Cat falls flat.
Same bat-time, same bat-movie.	Both plot and audience attention span stretch to breaking point.	We should put Schumacher in a room with R. Kelly's useless 'Gotham City' song playing at him over and over again until he wets himself and promises never to do it again.	Loud, uninspired, and interminable.	Fourth time's not the charm in this rambling sequel, which gets off to a roaring start, then quite literally crashes.	Joel Schumacher's tongue-in-cheek attitude hits an unbearable limit in Batman & Robin resulting in a frantic and mindless movie that's too jokey to care much for.
Favreau returns to his "Swingers"-style indie film roots for an emotionally nourishing and music-filled labor of love about food, family and a man's quest to restore and refresh his reputation with both.	Jon Favreau's enjoyable and good-natured farce is a rarity in that (as its title tells us) it takes a chef as its central character and treats his profession with something approaching respect.	The Hollywood ending, like too much of this promising film, suggests the recipe book.	Transparent but never raw, slight but seldom undercooked, Chef is hardly the year's most satisfying film, but it's rare to find a movie that leaves the audience just as happy as it is hungry.	Chef is a foodie-gasm of a film, directed by and starring Jon Favreau as a designer cook past his sell-by date, who goes on a road trip from Miami to Los Angeles to find his soul -- and soul food.	Chef's charming cast and sharp, funny script add enough spice to make this feel-good comedy a flavorful -- if familiar -- treat.
A nice one for the kids, but that's about all.	If this live-action adaptation of pop-cultural piffle isn't proof of moviedom's creative poverty, nothing is.	If your under thirty and get the references you might think this is a heck of a lot of fun, but if you haven't a clue as to who Brittany Spears is, forget it.	Admittedly has its moments of pop culture-skewering pleasure.	It's a prefabrication railing at prefabrication.	This live-action update of Josie and the Pussycats offers up bubbly, fluffy fun, but the constant appearance of product placements seems rather hypocritical.
The feel-good documentary of the year, featuring the irresistible 1960s music that made Detroit famous.	The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments, archival footage, talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime.	The documentary makes no waves and tries to be as upbeat as the musicians it tells about.	Justman's affectionate doc provides the pleasure of hearing one classic pop hook after another performed by a still tight unit, as well as the spectacle of veteran sidemen sitting around talking music.	As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars, Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind: informative, revealing and richly entertaining.	A toe-tapping tribute to the band that gave Motown its sound.
Every time one's interest begins to lag there is a tense or memorably gory scene to pep things up when it's needed it most.	a brave attempt to wrestle with the impossible	A visceral, emotionally exhausting work that dares to ask questions -- and gives no easy answers.	While we may or may not agree with Spielberg's take, to his credit he has asked us to address our current concerns by taking a step back and looking at the bigger picture.	Owns you so thoroughly that you feel as though you're a part of what you see.	Steven Spielberg's examination of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in the aftermath of the Munich assassinations is politically even-handed and cinematically visceral.
...a more ordinary movie than I remembered, with its clunky bits and a story that seems to betray authorial intent. Holly Golightly is not about the conventional American dream of domestic paradise; she is about the American perquisite of reinvention	I bet you thought I'd go from unpacking Hepburn's ying to examining George Peppard's ying-a-ling.	A near perfect blend of comedy, romance, and minor tragedy.	Woven into this heady romance is chic Hollywood comedy at it's finest.	Way ovverated mishmash of an old-school chick flick.	It contains some ugly anachronisms, but Blake Edwards is at his funniest in this iconic classic, and Audrey Hepburn absolutely lights up the screen.
An acquired taste with its quirky camaraderie and forced humor.	To is doing exquisite and exciting work at a mind-boggling rate.	A great opportunity to find out why fans value [To's] work so highly.	Johnny To has struck a fine balance between theme exploration, artistry, and action, giving us a movie to appreciate and think about, in addition to getting adrenalin flowing.	What's Cantonese for "badass"? It fits adjectivally with this very enjoyable action thriller with a bracing touch of political satire, from Johnny To	Exiled has non-stop action, tension and style -- making it an excellent summer action movie. Johnnie To brings beautiful scenery and camerawork to the film, enhancing the action even more.
This has loads of craft and honor but never quite takes off.	By the way it's shot and directed, it's easy to see how people can spend their entire lives in the country.	What's missing is spontaneity, soulfulness or any hint of mischief.	has much in common with 'The Electric Horseman,' Redford's popular 1979 vehicle ...But while 'Horseman' was a feel-good formula picture, 'Whisperer' is aiming for something much deeper and truer.	The long lead-in eventually comes to a powerful emotional payoff, particularly for anyone who has experienced a bond with an animal.	It might be a bit too eager to tug the heartstrings, but The Horse Whisperer is typically graceful, well-crafted Redford -- on both sides of the camera.
None of the four morality plays ... are necessarily original in plot, nor is the film itself particularly innovative in its structure ... it just seems flat and useless.	Your appreciation of this circular plotting will have a great deal to do with how tongue-in-cheek you believe the film is	not a nihilistic work of cinematic art, but a laugh-out-loud slapstick free-for-all.	For rock-bottom nasty, with no social relevance, there is The Air I Breathe, a load of amateurish bilge so silly I thought I was watching a screening at Comedy Central.	The movie takes itself way too seriously, and it doesn't add up to much, but, nevertheless, it's borderline entertaining.	The Air I Breathe is a jumbled indie production that accomplishes little save for the squandering of a talented cast.
Hilarious.	As forgettable as Austin Powers in Goldmember	If ever there was an unnecessary sequel, it's Wayne's World 2.	Once again, here's a great comedy for us to enjoy.	There are some worthwhile moments in Wayne's World 2, but not enough to justify a feature-length movie.	The characters are still endearing, but the jokes in Wayne's World 2 are more hit-and-miss the second time around.
Jarhead suggests that today's armed forces are not exactly flush with the best and the brightest ...	Jarhead has an oddly amorphous and inconclusive feeling to it.	We should all hope that our personal frustrating dead ends are directed by Sam Mendes...beautifully realized and sobering.	While beautifully crafted from a purely visual standpoint, the film remains structurally chaotic and emotionally remote.	Director Sam Mendes' third screen outing pretty well nails Swofford's tone, which was mordant without being disrespectful, and, in fact, is begrudgingly reverent of the Corps.	This first person account of the first Gulf War scores with its performances and cinematography but lacks an emotional thrust.
The acting, the dialogue and direction are superb.	The conclusion of a trilogy that...has subtly depicted the birth, growth and maturation of a man-woman relationship with its inevitable vacillations between affection, sacrifice, self-concern and acrimony.	Such is the power of the final scenes that the trio would be more than justified in launching a fourth film sometimes in the next five years or so.	Finding romance is easy. Staying together is hard. Making a movie this warm, funny, and rigorously truthful about lovers trying to remain partners is even harder.	A masterful examination of life, love, regret, secrecy, passion, and the need for two people to retain personal identities along with their identification as a couple.	Building on the first two installments in Richard Linklater's well-crafted Before trilogy, Before Midnight offers intelligent, powerfully acted perspectives on love, marriage, and long-term commitment.
The film offers a classic example of a screenwriter boxing himself in a narrative corner from which there is no escape.	The International almost seems like a Monty Python spoof on spy-game thrillers in which the phrase 'secret agent' is constantly replaced by 'banker,' resulting in lines like, '...If I die, 100 other bankers take my place.'	Right... 'cause what we really need right now is a movie about the unstoppable inevitability of bank corruption.	Calculating and distant, as if instead of a movie we're watching a monetary transaction between a filmmaker and his audience.	This movie is a fiction -- and it makes no sense at all.	The International boasts some electric action sequences and picturesque locales, but is undone by its preposterous plot.
Of the 350 different species of shark, 46 of them are swimming freely through this Louisiana lake, which I suppose makes sense, since it's made up of salt water. Uh-huh.	Shark Night 3D sets itself apart from Ellis's other films in its sincere attempt to humanize its heedless pretty young things.	If I felt guilty I'd call this a guilty pleasure but since I don't I'll just call it trash I enjoy. So if you decide to go don't complain to me that the film was crap. I warned you.	Although the acting and technical elements...are better than what you usually encounter in a Saturday night SyFy Network flick, that's still where it really belongs.	a full-fledged, bottom-of-the-ninth strikeout, a trashy, stupid, joyless, and overlong thriller	A joyless excursion into the water that doesn't even produce good gore or nudity thanks to the neutered PG-13 rating.
Adults and slightly older children should have a great time.	A terrific Saturday matinee for pretty much anyone.	Rango is an impressive and wonderfully strange film.	Any serious, dark-minded child who's up on High Noon, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Chinatown, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and the writings of Carlos Castaneda will really find their precociousness rewarded.	Sergio Leone meets 'The Shakiest Gun in the West' in this odd movie about a chameleon who -- credit the filmmakers for their cleverness -- doesn't blend in.	Rango is a smart, giddily creative burst of beautifully animated entertainment, and Johnny Depp gives a colorful vocal performance as a household pet in an unfamiliar world.
...the overabundance of periphery characters and their respective subplots winds up hurting the film more than anything else.	A very good film about the utter senselessness of murder...	Kevin Spacey, who produced the film, is wasted in completely unnecessary role.	People under 30 or those of a youthful mindset may see cracked reflections of their own lives in this morally intricate tale, but I can't help but think those of previous generations will wonder what all the fuss is about.	Dispassionate to the point of resembling a kitchen appliance, this meandering dissection of suburban angst answers no questions and offers naught for substance.	The United States of Leland has its moments, but they're undermined by a muddled plot, unsympathetic characters, and frustratingly uneven performances.
Running Scared will probably play best in prisons, where lowlifes, applauding the heroic amounts of foul language and blood, will be heartened to know that society has finally stooped to their level.	It drags on and on and on and on...and on. We never thought we'd ever say this, but Paul Walker deserves better.	Could have been a good exploitation flick if it didn't get carried away with piling on the plot twists.	...an abhorrently exploitative exercise in child endangerment.	The film is comically profane, hyperviolent and studded with perverse details.	This film runs with frenetic energy punctuated by gratuitous violence but sorely lacks in plot, character development and stylistic flair.
B-rad's rapping is so bad it's irritating. That part is intentional. The rest of the movie's irritation just comes naturally.	Malibu's Most Wanted" is a one-joke film. And that joke rapidly becomes stretched very, very thin.	Some cracks -- and Snoop Dogg voicing a talking rat -- are funny, sure, but Malibu quickly becomes a repetitious beat of Kennedy not getting it.	The good news: Malibu's Most Wanted is only 85 minutes long. The bad news: That's 80 minutes too many.	Malibu's Most Wanted has less than zero to offer, humorously or otherwise, on the state of hip-hop today.	There are some laughs, but not enough to sustain the running time.
Very, very, tears-rolling-down-your-face funny.	Odd couple buddy picture with Rom-Com elements that work. Zhan gives one of his most hysterical performances to date. Lighthearted, watchable, and fun.	Jeremy Northam gives a deft performance and Steve Zahn is especially brilliant in delineating his character's transformation from illiterate lug to finicky choreographer.	...an irresistibly winsome and winning comedy...	Full of bumbling schemes, sexual deception and mistaken identities, the film occasionally lets some hambone moments creep in, but Zahn and the amazing Macy as the town's oddly secretive sheriff are the icing on this zany cake.	A smart, light-hearted romantic comedy, Happy, Texas uses its well-written script and exceptional cast to prove there's still life left in the fish-out-of-water caper genre.
Not the first film ever made about a prison revolt, but one of the best I have seen in years.	Skarsgard is riveting throughout as a man whose high morality is steeped in hypocrisy and whose mask of civility easily slips, when challenged, to reveal the monster beneath.	King of Devil's Island is poetic story of friendship and adolescence in the bleak, cold and brutal 1915 Bastoy. It's a snow covered, potent mixture of Sleepers, Shawshank Redemption and Lord of the Flies.	beneath the staid, ordered, colour-dulled surfaces of Marius Holst's King of Devil's Island lurk various forms of hypocrisy, corruption and abuse, suggesting something very rotten in the (then) state of Norway.	A grim treatise on the origins of violence, with excellent performances from the largely unknown young cast.	Scandinavian in the most bleakly satisfying way, King of Devil's Island satisfies with a richly layered narrative and a typically strong performance from Stellan Skarsgard.
At almost 2 hours, the movie, well, exhausts its welcome, somehow managing to be simultaneously frenetic and leaden.	Even if Cars isn't the studio's champion outing, Pixar continues to run on all cylinders.	Pixar's latest visual stunner with a heart of gold honors our obsession with the automobile. Although it will make many nostalgic for the open road, especially the historic Route 66, the kids might get a little bored with this one.	Existing both in turbo-charged today and the gentler '50s, straddling the realms of Pixar styling and old Disney heart, this new-model Cars is an instant classic.	Apparently, anthropomorphized machines are a whole lot less fun than anthropomorphized fish, insects, toys or monsters. Remember last year's Robots? Yeah, me neither	Cars offers visual treats that more than compensate for its somewhat thinly written story, adding up to a satisfying diversion for younger viewers.
The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland is a cause for celebration!	A real children's film -- not 'family entertainment' -- but the kind of movie three-year-olds will enjoy, especially if they watch Sesame Street.	It's difficult for even the cynic in the audience to resist giggling at the sight of a grown man and a tiny-voiced Muppet arguing whether or not the Blanket an entire film has been built around should be called "Wubby" instead.	Perfect for that discriminating five-year-old in your life, or any grown-up who still wonders what goes on deep inside Oscar's garbage can.	Most patient adults may want to strangle the impish Elmo within the first 10 minutes of this movie.	This fun and moral tale entertains both first-time Seasame Street watchers and seasoned veterans.
Something different and exciting happens on the screen, thanks to an off-kilter story structure, a worthy subject and inspired performances.	When you consider all the ways that "Love & Mercy" could have gone terribly wrong, and how full of life it is in the end (and, yes, of love and mercy), I think the end product is almost miraculous.	This self-conscious film feels convincingly told only part of the time.	This dual take on Wilson's life doesn't just celebrate its subject, it understands him. As in one of his recording sessions, all the notes fit together.	Pohlad's minimalist-formalist approach to directing - and his desire to not ruin performances with too much cutting - helps sell a screenplay that, in other hands, could have seemed simplistic, even, in its way, traditional.	As unconventional and unwieldy as the life and legacy it honors, Love & Mercy should prove moving for Brian Wilson fans while still satisfying neophytes.
At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.	This is a complex, grown up thriller that's rich in its gritty detail and nearly flawless in its stuntwork.	A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.	Top-drawer genre filmmaking -- an intense, intelligent, exciting, impeccable spy thriller.	'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no le pida más'	A well-maded sequel that delivers the thrills.
...the closest thing we've had in the last twenty years to a genuine Christmas classic.	Is it just me, or is this whole idea on the sick side? Imagine how uncomfortable this jolly little yarn would be for divorced parents and their children.	While the film breaks no new ground, it offers the kind of simple, well-crafted, family entertainment that used to be a staple of the Disney studio.	A minor classic	This is a hip, likable spin on the seasonal icon told with a deft mixture of comedy and sentimentality.	The Santa Clause is utterly undemanding, but it's firmly rooted in the sort of good old-fashioned holiday spirit missing from too many modern yuletide films.
It's a surprisingly solid, often charming effort.	Winnie the Pooh will make big people remember their childhoods. And small people will have fun getting to know all of us in the Hundred Acre Wood.	Not least among the deep and abiding pleasures of the movie is how it shows that... filmmakers are still capable of treating children and childhood with the utmost gravity and dignity.	...[the filmmakers] concoct something consistently lively and clever and engaging and lovely to look at.	It's nice to see that Disney wants to introduce tykes to the magic of going to the movies with family fare this gentle and warm.	Short, nostalgic, and gently whimsical, Winnie the Pooh offers young audiences -- and their parents -- a sweetly traditional family treat.
Plays as a sweeping, episodic tale set against the backdrop of World War I and the Russian Revolution, with some of the most stunning vistas ever captured on film.	David Lean masterpiece has great performances, sets	The movie is something that should be experienced by everyone at least once in a lifetime.	Steiger and Courtenay excepted, all the performances are very uncomfortable.	Mr. Bolt has reduced the vast upheaval of the Russian Revolution to the banalities of a doomed romance.	It may not be the best of David Lean's epics, but Dr. Zhivago is still brilliantly photographed and sweepingly romantic.
Producer Philip D'Antoni and screenwriter Ernest Tidyman have added enough fictional flesh to provide director William Friedkin and his overall topnotch cast with plenty of material, and they make the most of it.	This is your typical cop movie with good performances from Gene Hackman and Roy Scheider.	One of three gritty, street-smart cop movies in 1971 that sent all other cop movies packing.	Friedkin's frantic and superlative Oscar-winning urban crimebuster caper for which all gritty wannabe cop dramas should be automatically measured in comparison...highly jolting and involving...	An urban crime thriller which won undeserved acclaim for its efficient but unremarkable elevated-railway chase and its clumsy, showy emphasis on grainy, sordid realism.	Realistic, fast-paced and uncommonly smart, The French Connection is bolstered by stellar performances by Gene Hackman and Roy Scheider, not to mention William Friedkin's thrilling production.
When MST3K is on the mark, it's a howl. Only a couple of jokes (like a dated John Sununu reference and one or two flatulence bits) really fall flat.	It's fun for the entire family. And one more thing. Push the button, Frank.	If you're a fan then you've no doubt already seen the movie. If you're not, then dash out and rent it now! You'll probably become one.	If you're a fan of the show, or haven't ever seen it before, watch this film.	A bad idea for a TV show becomes a worse idea for a movie.	Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie may be thin and uneven, but it's hilarious in enough of the right spots to do the show's big-screen transition justice.
Prankster moviemaking about a superhero duel with p-harm-aceutical barons, certain to make the deadly warnings whispered in all those gleeful drug commercials flooding TV sets across America, to never sound quite the same again.	The quiet-yet-hip tone of the film reminded me a lot of Roger Dodger, another indie film that let's its script and acting do the talking.	Special works as an honest portrait of little people with big dreams even if it remains itself a little movie without a big impact.	It may not be perfect, but this under-the-radar indie from Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmore is smart enough to leave you glad you found it.	This fantasy battle between good and evil is merely a cute, minor idea with little depth and even less conscious purpose, fit for a 15-minute short rather than a feature-length narrative.	This quirky indie comedy's low budget is readily apparent, but it's elevated by Michael Rapaport's dedicated performance.
Smart, stylish caper -- but not for kids.	The film ends up relying on different chapter headings to explain what's going on, but it's all very professional, with fine attention to period detail.	The Sting remains the definitive con artist comedy: as irresistible and ingenious as the scheme that hooks in Doyle.	A sly heist-style caper the joyously relives the Roaring Twenties	A masterfully smooth grift that's built on golden-age savvy but never feels like a rose-tinted throwback.	Paul Newman, Robert Redford, and director George Roy Hill prove that charm, humor, and a few slick twists can add up to a great film.
While the shocks come thick and fast, the real pleasure comes from the knowing humour and ingenious spoofing of genre tropes.	It's not just bloody; it's actually interesting.	Almost as good as the original.	I still got a kick out of Scream 2, and I'm curious to see what Williamson has concocted for the last film of the trilogy.	If you don't like horror movies and/or you didn't like Scream, you will not like this movie. Otherwise, start pumping out the money, like everyone else is.	As with the first film, Scream 2 is a gleeful takedown of scary movie conventions that manages to poke fun at terrible horror sequels without falling victim to the same fate.
Cocteau's poetic aesthetic...the matter-of-fact extravagance...an otherworldly ambience...[combine to] strike an uncomplicated chord within us, directly connected to the wondrous nightmares of childhood.	It's a magical passage to a more impassioned and bewitching era.	When bodies appear through walls or fly up into the air, it is almost as if Cocteau's camera has miraculously recorded a dream.	Littering his film with wonderfully evocative shots of steam rising off of the simmering Beast, Jean Cocteau accentuates his seething animal intensity.	Has lost none of its power to amaze and enthrall. And this magical adaptation of the much-filmed Jean-Marie Leprince de Beaumont tale clearly inspired much of the imagery for the Disney version.	With its magical optical effects and enchanting performances, Jean Cocteau's Beauty and the Beast remains the most surreal -- and soulful -- of the fairy tale's film adaptations.
Baymax turns out to be a formidable weapon in this gorgeously realised tale of boy and 'bot, and the bond that develops between them.	An animated film that really isn't a movie for kids. There is enough humor in it aimed at kids to get a few laughs from younger kids, but most of it is aimed at older kids and adults.	Your kids will love it. And frankly, they should: Big Hero 6 is zippy, beautifully made, fraught with action and peril but never scary or bloody and features a vocal team of actors so smooth and polished it verges on the criminal.	I'm basically exhausted with super hero shenanigans, whether its live action or animated.	It makes for an entertaining spectacle, though less interesting than the one we started out with.	Agreeably entertaining and brilliantly animated, Big Hero 6 is briskly-paced, action-packed, and often touching.
Sarah Polley digs and digs and discovers some shocking skeletons in her own family's closet.	The great conceit of Polley's theories of perspective and truth is that she, as director, ultimately controlled everyone's memories because she arranged them on film.	Polley's compassion and curiosity again mark her as both a heartfelt and unforgiving filmmaker.	The circle of family and friends in this movie, and their secrets, is the story. It is about them, not us. Not quite universal in its appeal.	I could not love it more.	In Stories We Tell, Sarah Polley plays with the documentary format to explore the nature of memory and storytelling, crafting a thoughtful, compelling narrative that unfolds like a mystery.
[The film] makes an attempt at mystical magic, but it never overcomes the obstacles that the it sets for itself.	If anything, the filmmakers are probably guilty of trying to do too much in too short a timeframe. If some of the clutter could have stripped away, more magical moments would have been achieved.	It's all very weird sometimes, but engaging: a nice half-term treat for younger children.	But pretty pictures do not a good movie make (I'm looking at YOU, "Avatar.") And "Legends of the Guardians" is not a good movie.	[It] has some nicely designed animation, and it deserves credit for trying to break the Disney mold of animated critter movies. But there's mold-breaking, and then there's weird.	Legend of the Guardians' dark tone and dazzling visuals are to be admired, even if they're ultimately let down by a story that never lives up to its full potential.
shoddy and grimly unimaginative	Conan the Barbarian is shocking not merely for its blood and guts violence but for how surprisingly gripping and compelling it is, even muddy in 3D.	There's no emotional investment in the characters and its endless bludgeoning and slicing of flesh is something that may test the patience of even hardcore gore hounds.	The very definition of the dumb summer flick, designed to squeeze a few last bucks out of the kids before school starts up again.	With all earnestness, Nispel embraces the property's classic roots, placing this new Conan squarely within the tradition of sword-and-sorcery pics.	While its relentless, gory violence is more faithful to the Robert E. Howard books, Conan the Barbarian forsakes three-dimensional characters, dialogue, and acting in favor of unnecessary 3D effects.
It's entertaining, poignant, educational (at least for kids), inspirational, and certainly beautiful to look at.	A terrific big-screen/3D film about the rescue of baby elephants and orangutans by dedicated humans introduces young people to a strong conservation ethic.	Cute, but never insufferably so, "Born to Be Wild 3D" is best taken as the perfect film to transition your kids from animation to live action fare - short, sweet, and educational.	What it lacks in length, the 45-minute movie makes up in entertainment value.	Does a remarkable job of putting the viewer right with elephants in the Kenyan savannah and orangutans in the lush jungles of Borneo.	The human story of Born To Be Wild is captivating and the accompanying nature footage is utterly cute and charming.
If nothing else, at least it killed a career. Max Beesely looks like a porno Luke Skywalker...The Shaggs had more talent.	Too dispiriting to even qualify as inadvertent camp fun.	Filled with some amateurish acting, atrocious dialogue and ham-fisted direction, the film is a mess pretty much from the get-go and only gets worse as it proceeds.	The no-brow acting, oversimplifying of the path to success and supersappy ending are only some of the film's fatal flaws.	Vondie Curtis-Hall tries to invigorate the bland script by careening his cameras throughout the streets and club life of Manhattan while Carey's glorious voice is drowned out by sheets of off-key cliches.	Glitter is a hodgepodge of movie cliches and bad acting that's sure to generate unintentional laughs. Unfortunately, the movie is not bad enough to be good.
Comprised wholly of urban fairy tales and sex fantasies, and damned if it doesn't work more often than not.	The premise of the film is serviceable, but the execution is flawed and entirely underwhelming.	If you go in thinking it's just a stupid teenage sex comedy, it can be pretty funny.	Sure, this is a raunchy teen road comedy that never passes up a chance have a girl go topless, but, boy, it sure is fun.	A raunchy comedy that is utterly formulaic but still funnier than it has any right to be.	A trip worth taking if one's not offended by gratuitous nudity and bad taste.
The stunts make a considerably more vivid impression than any of the movie's potpourri of characters.	I enjoyed the film on two levels: for its skill and its silliness.	As relaчѕes entre os personagens e as seqќъncias de perseguiчуo sуo fascinantes, mas a tentativa de "amarrar" a trama acaba comprometendo um roteiro que nуo precisava disso.	Ronin reps a pleasurable throwback to the sort of gritty, low-tech international thriller that was a staple of the 1960s.	More fruitful by far to take the auteurist view and say that for Frankenheimer, Ronin is surrender.	This is comparable to French Connection with great action, dynamic road chase scenes, and solid performances.
And, by being so personal in a way that's so honest and so incisive, Davies indirectly offers national commentary that's relevant far, far beyond his old Merseyside doorstep	A lyrical poem about his hometown, this is Davies' first movie in eight years. And his artistic approach gives us a moving, kaleidoscopic portrait both of a city and of the filmmaker himself.	It is the kind of documentary which deserves to stand among the very best of its time - precisely because it is so tied to its author's own experience, both visually and emotionally.	Illuminating, heartfelt and often very, very funny, here's hoping we don't have to wait so long for his next movie.	a longing tone poem of Liverpool	Terrence Davies' heartfelt, sometimes funny new feature documentary is part scrapbook, part confessional.
Deliberately and devotedly constructed, "Far from Heaven" is too picture postcard perfect, too neat and new pin-like, too obviously a recreation to resonate.	Boldly goes where no 50's melodrama has gone before.	[It uses] 50s pop-ideology as an excuse to point at big issues from safe distances.	Haynes uses the antiquated style without winking, and begs questions of whether a modern filmmaker can actually recreate Sirk without reinventing it in the process. Fused through Haynes's modern sensibility it becomes something Other.	This imitation of life comes tantalizingly close to greatness, then settles for being smart without much heart.	An exquisitely designed and performed melodrama, Far From Heaven earns its viewers' tears with sincerity and intelligence.
It's a strange hybrid of a film, boasting loudmouth boorishness instead of wit, and fortune-cookie schmaltz instead of heart.	Disappointing tale of '70s youngsters devoid of wit or insight.	The plot ambles and Gervais and Merchant can't resist neatly tying up every loose end in a manner which strains credibility. Their dramatic crescendo is a mother pouring a cup of tea.	In its closing moments, Cemetery Junction is both youthfully optimistic and intelligently mature. But by then it's pretty much dead and buried.	A humble riff on the well-worn coming-of-age film. [Blu-ray]	It fails to challenge the well-established conventions of its storyline, but Cemetery Junction benefits from the genuine warmth of its script, as well as its refusal to give in to cheap nostalgia.
As perhaps the most kinetic and visually daring major studio film of the year, R + J is almost sure to be remembered as the turning point for a brazen new cinematic talent: Luhrmann's.	Deeply entertaining, from the gripping opening to the breath-taking finale.	The film's skewed stylistic flourishes capture enough of the original's spirit to provoke more respect than rejection.	Luhrmann would use the same techniques with better results in Moulin Rouge!	So overloud and overdirected and overproduced and so energetic that finally, you can't do anything except smile at it.	Baz Luhrmann's visual aesthetic is as divisive as it is fresh and inventive.
...stretches the believability factor to the limit, with a story that is all over the map.	Not as strong as the first three Dirty Harry movies, but this fourth one has enough classic Harry Callahan moments to make it a worthy addition to the series.	It is viewed by many aficionados as the best of the five movies about the hard-nosed, authority-defying San Francisco cop.	A study of the Dirty Harry macho drive, worked out lucidly by the filmmaker and his avenging muse	Dirty Harry draws again. Vintage Clint.	Sudden Impact delivers all the firepower -- and the most enduring catchphrase -- fans associate with the Dirty Harry franchise, but it's far from the best film in the series.
Doesn't mess with a good thing. That means many prankish penguins, loony lemurs and that "move it, move it" song, all over again.	In a post WALL-E world, it's hard not to be slightly underwhelmed by Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.	I am no great fan of sequels, and am especially suspicious of movies that try to cross-over between adult and child audiences. But this one won me over early on.	If you weren't particularly enamored with the first one, chances are this isn't gonna change your opinion on the Madagascar cast	Whatever else I felt about the movie, this is good animation. The colours are extraordinary, the backgrounds stunning.	Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is an improvement on the original, with more fleshed-out characters, crisper animation and more consistent humor.
It's trash, and yet there will always be a place for this kind of trash at the movies.	A dopey script personified by Kutcher's dopey, immutable hair style morphs Rashomon into Dude, Where's My Karma?	What's sleazy, prominently features the untalented Ashton Kutcher and isn't a supermarket tabloid?	Sloppily conceived and clunkily paced, the movie goes from improbable to preposterous within its first few minutes; over the next two hours the filmmakers never miss a chance for some gratuitous piece of sadism, sexuality or sleaze.	...a cockeyed and pseudo-driven theatrics showcase that squanders its suspenseful intent...a disturbing yet disjointed ball of a metaphysical mess	The premise is intriguing, but it's placed in the service of an overwrought and tasteless thriller.
...an impressive dramatic epic that articulates some of the myths of capitalist America in a personal and human way.	It can be classified as, in a number of aspects, one of the most arresting pictures ever produced.	It frustrates, it fascinates, and it cannot be pinned down.	Citizen Kane is the biggest cinematic landmark since pictures first started moving.	Welles has found the screen as effective for his unique showmanship as radio and the theatre.	Orson Welles's epic tale of a publishing tycoon's rise and fall is entertaining, poignant, and inventive in its storytelling, earning its reputation as a landmark achievement in film.
Profoundly sad, but it's made with such artistry that it's almost uplifting; you watch it mesmerized, immersed in the strange community the children create.	Has a sweetly mournful feel, and it's well-performed throughout; still, it's a long time to spend in limbo.	The trouble is that with its lengthy running time Nobody Knows becomes grueling and drawn-out.	Takes us on a journey into the special domain of childhood, a voyage joyous, shattering -- and supremely convincing.	Photographed in static shots that never cast judgement, the child actors have a naturalism that makes familiarity emotionally charged.	Tragic and haunting, a beautifully heart-wrenching portrait of child abandonment.
What's surprising, and ultimately disappointing, about Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life is the degree to which Sfar allows biopic obligations to smother his more whimsical instincts.	Je t'aime Gainsbourg!	This is an impressive film about a man who was far more interesting than I ever imagined.	There's one good reason to see this biopic of the French pop-cabaret songster Serge Gainsbourg, and that's its lead actor, Erik Elmosnino.	While the movie's on a roll, it's zesty, engaging and frisky.	It might be thinly written and messily made, but Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life is also appropriately glamorous and intense -- and powerfully led by a gripping performance from Erik Elmosnino.
Wry humor, thrills, redemption, and a convoluted, almost epic plot that’s fun to unravel.	Unlike so many kids movies, Holes hasn't been dumbed down, loaded with bathroom humor	Older kids, fans of the book and parents who remember the fun of reading dark stories under the covers should be happily engrossed in this adventure.	It's good, but not that good.	Ranks as one of the most bizarre disasters in recent movie history.	Faithful to its literary source, this is imaginative, intelligent family entertainment.
Glossy sci-fi fun, although ultimately pretty empty.	For most viewers Flash Gordon is the reason why phrases like 'guilty pleasure' entered vocabularies.	If you feel like camping it up, then rent this one.	While it's not the best of the sci-fi genre, you don't have to go to a galaxy far, far away to enjoy every minute of it.	Taken solely as a pop wedge of cheese, it's beautifully realized. As for the empty-headed dialogue and the puerile plot, isn't it obvious those are both part of the point?	Campy charm and a knowing sense of humor help to overcome a silly plot involving a spacefaring ex-football player, his adoring bevy of groupies, and a supervillain named Ming the Merciless.
Fellini's movies work on this level, reveling in their carnival atmosphere while at the same time critiquing them.	While entertaining early on, these drug-induced trips become increasingly repetitive as the story progresses.	This movie relies heavily on style and peculiar humour, rather than substance or plot.	A triumph of direction over plot, imagination over treatment, and conception over realism.	Certainly uneven at times, but Terry Gilliam's surreal mood piece paints a vivid, splashy picture of gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson.	Visually creative, but also aimless, repetitve, and devoid of character development.
A movie that's often enjoyable but never as good as the ones it's stealing from.	This frothy rom-com that acts as a vehicle for tv sex symbol Patrick Dempsey is at its best in the wilds of remote Scotland, when his serial womaniser is out of his element. I laughed a few times, but overall was disappointed because nothing felt real.	The movie, like its stars, is not without its charm. It just would have been nice to be delighted by an unexpected flash of humor or feel the slightest bit of suspense about the resolution.	A bland redo of other things you've already seen done, but with significantly less zest and charm.	Pretty awful and awfully predictable ... it's a sappy and stupid romance about characters who feel about as real as plastic action figures.	Sharp performances by Patrick Dempsey and Michelle Monaghan can't save this forgettable, formulaic chick flick from its comic failings.
If only they'd brought Mr. Potato Head into the mix.	Sommers bucks the bad buzz with a throwaway blast of solid, stupid fun. You laugh at it rather than with it, but a sequel would be worth it just for more of Gordon-Levitt's one-eyed dramatics.	Went expecting to hate it, but loved it, not because it's "fun" but because they kept the tone serious. When did having FUN at a movie become a BAD thing?	Playing more like a highlights reel from an established franchise than a movie intended to launch it, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra interrupts its barrage of CGI action for only the barest minimum of anything resembling character development.	This is a militaristic, borderline-fascistic movie, the kind of thing that makes the Pentagon seem as threatening as the pentagram.	While fans of the Hasbro toy franchise may revel in a bit of nostalgia, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra is largely a cartoonish, over-the-top action fest propelled by silly writing, inconsistent visual effects, and merely passable performances.
It's time to stop calling Azazel Jacobs a 'promising' filmmaker. With Momma's Man, Jacobs achieves the promise.	It's a beguiling premise, and one writer-director Azazel Jacobs explores with skill, tenderness, and prodding wit.	It's a lovely movie.	It's a quiet film, with its own measured pace, but it has more painfully astute observations than most comedies with 10 times the budget.	[A] wryly comic, sometimes heartbreaking and altogether original film.	Moody yet touching, Momma's Man successfully illustrates with elegant simplicity the struggles of a man consumed with his adolescence.
When many films still can't even pass the Bechdel test, Clouds of Sils Maria feels like a revelation	An engaging, if rarefied inside look at the private world of a star.	A backstage drama that has all the sizzle of a glass of water resting on the windowsill, Olivier Assayas' "Clouds of Sils Maria" mistakes lack of dramatic imagination for smoldering subtlety.	It's a genuine pleasure watching these two talented actresses engage on everything from boy troubles to the aesthetic considerations of superhero movies.	One of the film's delights-it is more than a mere in-joke-arises from seeing Kristen Stewart inspecting her own predicament, as it were, from the outside.	Bolstered by a trio of powerful performances from its talented leads, Clouds of Sils Maria is an absorbing, richly detailed drama with impressive depth and intelligence.
... remains one of a kind.	Here's to the miracle of a buried classic granted the opposite of a killing -- here's to life.	Everything about Burnett's film has multiple meanings, even its title.	The dialogue, which is read with either insufficient or excessive emphasis by the nonactors, is often buried under a soundtrack of vintage blues, making it doubly hard to follow. Even the slaughter of the sheep is numbingly uneventful.	t's clearly a brilliant debut, not only fresh for its time but also vivid enough to make an impression in ours. But perhaps because I can imagine modern cinema without Killer of Sheep, I'm not sure how totemic I take it to be.	By turns funny, sad, and profound, Killer of Sheep offers a sympathetic and humane glimpse into inner-city life.
You can watch Bullets Over Broadway with the sound off and have a thrilling time. You can listen to it from the next room and achieve total bliss.	[A] deft period farce, his most enjoyable movie in years.	Its view of human nature is not very flattering ... but the characters are endearing all the same, in spite of their hang-ups.	One of Allen's best and most revealing comedies, as much a moral meditation as it is dazzling fun.	As one-liningly sharp and self-deprecating as you'd expect. If not more so.	A gleefully entertaining backstage comedy, Bullets Over Broadway features some of Woody Allen's sharpest, most inspired late-period writing and direction.
Talk about your fabulous story arcs.	Because the emotions are real, "Startup.com" is filled with powerful suspense and revelations.	Some people are finding it difficult to live with the idea that Kaleil could put his employees through hell, lose $60 million of other people's money, and wind up a movie star.	The pain and puzzlement of its principals as things inexorably fall apart is palpable and saddening.	Part Hoop Dreams, part Nike commercial	Startup.com is more than just a look at the rise and fall of the new economy. At its center is a friendship being tested to the limit, and that's what makes it worth viewing.
Morris's distillation of long talks with young ex-soldiers and the female general who commanded prisons all over Iraq is among the best documentaries on the Iraq war.	A bore and a real pain to sit through.	Even with an amazing filmmaker like Morris, it's impossible to yet fully focus the photos from Abu Ghraib and truly know what happened, who was right, who was wrong, and when it will happen again.	By returning to the pictures over and over again, Morris shows the power of the photos, how the visual record became the only evidence that carried any power in the media...	You probably won't find a more illuminating account of what happened within the walls of Abu Ghraib.	Well researched and finely crafted, Standard Operating Procedure is another gem from master documentarian Errol Morris.
The movie has some very funny moments but is oddly low-key, from its slow set-up of the premise to its lack of follow-through on some of the comic possibilities.	A sharp, often hilarious ensemble!	Aside from The Nutty Professor, this is the funniest Eddie Murphy comedy since the Reagan administration.	A wonderfully sharp-witted, goofily exuberant movie!	The highlights are in the previews.	A witty commentary on modern film-making, with enough jokes to keep it entertaining throughout.
This film offers a child's perspective on the ravages and complexity of war and is also a convincing testament to the healing power of creative expression.	We celebrate joy rising from the ashes of tragedy.	Relies a little too much on the old formula of the underdog sports movie, but it has a lot more substance to it than that.	It doesn't just feature music and dance numbers; it's got romping, stomping, blow-the-doors-off, celebration-of-life music and dance numbers.	This wonderful doco is heartbreaking and heartwarming by turns	War/Dance is beautifully filmed, and effectively captures the heartbreaking and uplifting experiences of its subjects.
Great title, disappointing movie.	For all the leads' individual appeal, they seem to occupy slightly different films.	So goofy it borders on camp.	...I got the distinct impression the actors were bored as well.	Its entertainment value is as modest as its production values.	Venerable action star Chow Yun-Fat is the only saving grace in this silly action flick that more often than not resembles a commercial in style.
The tedious film might have been worth watching if Burman had given reasons to care about Ariel or anyone else. He doesn't and we don't.	Affectionate, funny and ultimately moving, Burman's fourth feature embraces humanity in the Argentinean marketplace.	Captivating.	Sweet but not too, a tangy, teasing valentine to dear hearts and gentle people who start to feel like family. Burman is like Woody Allen with a human face.	It's a film of unexpected, almost indescribable off-center charm that deepens as it goes on.	A low-key but charming tale that will put a smile on your face.
This film is a wilter.	If there's such a thing as a film being too suggestive for too little, Dark Water may be its prototype.	It's more Kramer vs. Kramer than Jennifer vs. the Dead Kid in the Sink... still, too-familiar territory lacking an original ghost story.	It's hard to resist sure-to-be-cliched adjectives like soggy and waterlogged when describing this film.	Torpid, trite and not the least bit scary - just unrelentingly unpleasant - (and) the most contemptible kind of cinema horror: putting little kids in peril for cheap thrills.	All the atmospherics in Dark Water can't make up for the lack of genuine scares.
Ultimately, Everybody's Fine becomes a holiday movie of rare sweetness; one likely to inspire a few calls home to Mom or Dad.	Promising start, but it unravels with an ill-advised confrontation scene and an ending that rings false.	A film with a few inspired moments - mostly towards the end - sprinkled in with a whole lot of awkward, even mean, portions. The result is a major disappointment.	Disappointment that it isn't what a De Niro movie used to be - powerful, challenging and edgy. Now his movies are weak and clichéd with a mushy centre.	Though De Niro gives a strong performance as a loving, if not always perceptive, dad, the film takes a treacly turn, grows truly sad and never fully recovers.	A calm, charismatic performance from Robert De Niro nearly saves the movie, but ultimately, Everybody's Fine has the look and feel of a stereotypical Christmas dramedy.
[Zhang's] identity is so strong that it seems to hold the story together most of the time; it really should have been only about her.	Wong offers an artful meditation on the nature of love, making effective use of color schemes (yellows, greens and reds), placid shotmaking and diverse music to deliver a sultry portrait of postwar Hong Kong.	... rich, lush -- simply exquisite	Quite simply an incomparably sublime work of art, a triumph of lyricism over narrative in the cinema, and the most exquisite homage to the beauty of women it has ever been my privilege to witness on the screen.	2046, at its best, is simply Wong being Wong, delivering eroticism of the highest order, working on a level that no one else can hope to match.	Director Wong Kar-Wai has created in 2046 another visually stunning, atmospheric, and melancholy movie about unrequited love and loneliness.
There's scant character development and it's all rather melodramatic and, well, French, with its coup de foudre and crime passionnel.	I found it rather conventional in the first part because we've seen this sort of thing so many times before, but it gets more interesting in the second half of the film.	Corsini's choice to focus on passion, on selfishness, on sex, unfortunately means that the film can't quite make up its mind and never quite settles the way you expect it to.	What begins as a poignant portrait of a middle-aged woman grabbing a second chance at happiness ultimately loses the sympathy of the audience.	The movie's real allure is found in the ways its star flicks her hair, darts her eyes and moves - tenderly, slowly and passionately - across each frame.	Laden with melodramatic clichés, Leaving needed a talented star to succeed -- and Kristin Scott Thomas delivers the goods with another superb performance.
Casey Affleck is suprisingly good as Ford.	Here is a movie that is destined to become a cult film in spite of its glaring flaws.	Winterbottom's inability to bring off this lurid stew of sex and violence is one problem; his (mis)direction of Affleck is another.	Winterbottom has said that movie violence shouldn't be pretty. And, clearly, he's got a point. It's a pity then, given the director's bravado, that his film's flaws are basic.	Represents a rare misfire for the director.	The Killer Inside Me is stylish and beautifully shot, but Michael Winterbottom's distance from his characters robs this often brutally violent film of crucial emotional context.
The film's good versus bad scenario is, while understandable, too simplistic.	Argott beautifully explicates how this crew pulled off the most daring daylight art theft in history, though his passionate identification with the pro-Barnes faction limits the movie's political nuance.	I think it's gripping.	Its lack of objectivity doesn't hurt the film as a piece of entertainment, although it does seem to weaken its own argument a little.	A riveting documentary that speaks volumes about art, private collections, painting masterpieces, and the power plays of the rich and the elite.	Deeply esoteric and unapologetically one-sided, The Art of the Steal proves a documentary doesn't have to make an objective argument as long as it argues well.
The movie is not just enormously entertaining, it is deeply moving, both in the way it celebrates storytelling and storytellers -- and in the unembarrassed way its creators and performers remind us how much we need them.	The iconic 81-year-old auteur's own attempt at confronting both his advancing age and his legacy.	I wonder if anyone will consider Keillor for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar next year. He manages to steal Companion from his entire cast of superstars.	Against all odds, the finished product is a seamless collaboration and a tasty concoction indeed.	A Prairie Home Companion is about as charming as waking up with a dead animal in your bed.	The final film by the great Robert Altman, A Prairie Home Companion, the big screen adaptation of Garrison Keillor's radio broadcast, showcases plenty of the director's strengths: it's got a gigantic cast and plenty of quirky acting and dialogue. Much like the radio show, Companion features clever jokes, rousing tunes, and endearing characters. With strong work from Lindsay Lohan, Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, and Tommy Lee Jones, it's a worthy swan song from one of the cinema's best.
I loved it at 14 years old. I was mildly amused 14 years later. Make of that what you will.	Here is an absurd, unwieldy, overplotted movie that nevertheless is entertaining - and some of the fun comes from the way the plot keeps laying it on.	Director Joe Dante throws in every special effects trick in the book to give some heft to the skimpy script but it doesn't work.	An underrated comic masterpiece from the talented director Joe Dante.	It's an easy-to-get-along-with movie -- bouncy, rabbity fun.	A manic, overstuffed blend of sci-fi, comedy, and romance, Innerspace nonetheless charms, thanks to Martin Short's fine performance and the insistent zaniness of the plot.
Unashamedly epic, but it's the details which make the film, particularly vampire-killing Anthony Hopkins and Tom Waits as insect-gobbling Renfield.	Coppola's great strengths as a director are his dedication to this project and his brilliant use of imagery.	Keanu Reeves does get to say, "I have offended you with my ignorance, and I am sorry."	It is Coppola's most lavish and, certainly, his most flamboyant film; never before has he allowed himself this kind of mad experimentation.	Francis Ford Coppola's lavish version of Bram Stoker's classic novel is a visual cornucopia, overstuffed with images of both beauty and grotesque horror.	Overblown in the best sense of the word, Francis Ford Coppola's vision of Bram Stoker's Dracula rescues the character from decades of campy interpretations -- and features some terrific performances to boot.
Not exploring the Merry Pranksters wider cultural influence and historical significance is a great misstep.	As pretentious as its convoluted title.	Home movies documenting a 1964 cross-country bus trip also mark the beginning of the hippie era.	"Magic Trip" is neither as magic nor as trippy as the culture quake that it documents, but it's a valuable flashback and a pleasurable contact high.	A kind of DayGlo-colored time capsule that tantalizes.	Magic Trip is overall unenlightening, though there's an inherent novelty and joy in seeing the unearthed footage of Ken Kesey and his band of Merry Pranksters.
The first two hours of the film are filled with fantastic imagery, and gripping war scenes, among the best ever filmed.	A gilt-edged, no-messing, accept-no-substitutes masterpiece.	Contrasts aside, it ranks as one of the most moving of its genre.	It remains a wonderfully imperfect explosion of genius and immaturity, in approximately equal measure.	With a famously horrific and documentary inspiring shoot it's almost unfathomable how Francis Ford Coppolla managed to harness the chaotic energy into one of the most potent examinations of war and masculinity to ever grace celluloid.	Francis Ford Coppola's haunting, hallucinatory Vietnam War epic is cinema at its most audacious and visionary.
Ocean's Eleven if conceieved by Tony Scott.	Escapist summer fare doesn't come any more mindless than this!	TV's Hannibal Smith is famous for the line, "I love it when a plan comes together." Too bad his movie didn't.	The A-Team is reasonably good fun. If you're a 12-year-old boy riding an intense Cherry Pepsi buzz and totally devoted to destroying some brain cells, that is.	If you prefer stupifaction to satisfaction then "The A-Team" is the movie for you.	For better and for worse, Joe Carnahan's big-screen version of The A-Team captures the superficial, noisy spirit of the TV series.
Sadly devoid of any real thrills.	The biggest problems with AvP are the humans.	A new generation adopts my generation's horror films	A movie based on a video game based on two entirely separate sci-fi horror series -- so whatever was interesting in the originals has long been bred out, like double-jointedness.	Paul Simon and Bob Dylan. Elton John and Billy Joel. Alien vs. Predator is just another contrived combination of two former chartbusters who perform their greatest hits before coming together for a duet at the end.	Gore without scares and cardboard cut-out characters make this clash of the monsters a dull sit.
The problem is, the movie doesn't really care if we are laughing with it or at it.	Scream remains a highpoint of the slasher genre to this day. Scream 4 doesn't achieve those heights, but for a third sequel it's a hell of a lot better than it deserves to be.	It's exactly what a 'Scream' sequel should be - fun, feisty and, after 11 years out of sight and mind, both refreshed and refreshing.	It's time to lay ghost face to rest.	Craven happily treading water, exploding the clichés he exploded so successfully 16 years ago. Result is a brain-dead brainteaser, a mirror reflection of a mirror reflection.	The franchise is showing its age, but Scream 4 is undeniably an improvement over its predecessor, with just enough meta humor and clever kills.
Takes its time to get where it's going, but the raw feelings unearthed by writer/director Ruben Ostlund are frightening in their accuracy.	Ruben Östlund's icily disturbing family drama, set in an upscale ski resort in the French Alps, is a disaster movie without a disaster.	But with great slyness, this anti-comedy goes broader to examine how couples are always looking for an advantage over one another-how after a certain time, husbands and wives are always groping for a weapon.	With unnerving subtlety, this acclaimed Swedish drama takes a startlingly honest look at the underlying fragility of family connections...	Filmmaker Ruben Östlund shifts gears from humor to psychological thriller, redefining courage and family in the process. Force Majeure is a jolt. You won't know what hit you	Gleefully uncomfortable, Force Majeure is a relationship drama that's hard to watch -- and just as difficult to ignore.
A shamelessly self-promoting homage documentary to a like-minded group of rebel pop culture artists, who work together in a NYC collective but do independent work.	Though [Director] Mr. Rose can't be blamed for waxing nostalgic, he can't much expect us to care about so fawning and self-serving a document.	Like the art scene it documents, Beautiful Losers is chaotic, anarchic, rambling and populated by charismatic freaks with statement T-shirts, complicated haircuts and impossibly rare trainers.	The affection these people have for each other is what makes Beautiful Losers (the name is taken from one of their shows) so attractive.	This is a pleasant enough visual romp with surprisingly few down notes.	An insightful if fawning documentary that explores a group of 90s NYC artists.
ramshackle and lazy	How do you top Ms. Streisand and Mr. Hoffman playing at being the happy, sexy hippie couple for easy jokes? You don't. Apparently, you don't even try, as is evident from the new movie's lack of wit and surplus of lazy scenes.	This deeply dislikable movie gives vulgarity a bad name.	It's about squeezing the last few dollars from a gullible public like milk from a cat.	Even by the franchise's own declining standards, Fockers is a wince-a-thon of crude gag sausage-making.	As star-studded as it is heartbreakingly lazy, Little Fockers takes the top-grossing trilogy to embarrassing new lows.
It's a complex character study that reveals how little we can know of someone through conversation, as conversation often changes the way we both perceive and portray our sense of who we are.	Originally released in 1996 in France (but never before in the U.S.), Eric Rohmer's sun-kissed love quadrangle remains as fresh and romantically profound as it was 18 years ago.	Wise, honest, breezy, witty and profound, A Summer's Tale is an intellectually and emotionally rewarding date movie for sophisticated couples.	It's always a delight to see the latest installment in Eric Rohmer's decades-long sequence of talky, almost actionless pictures about the romantic and ethical dilemmas of young French people.	...an easygoing sort of film. Rohmer takes his time getting where he's going. His is a measured gait, however, not just narrative meandering.	With A Summer's Tale, Eric Rohmer continues his "Tales of the Four Seasons" in typically Rohmeresque fashion -- and for cineastes, that's excellent news indeed.
Makes one long for the sophisticated wit of Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo, which should tell you most of what you need to know.	100% silly stupid. I laughed so hard, I cried. If you don't like fart jokes, don't go see it. But, as films in this genre go, it's packed high with funny and warmly w/heart.	Even Jon Lovitz with a Batmobile, a dwarf attack in a playroom, and David Spade's best wig ever can't save this mawkish misfire.	To watch this idiocy is to feel your brain cells die.	It gives me a perverse pleasure to announce that The Benchwarmers is not terrible, not terrible at all.	A gross-out comedy that is more sophomoric than funny, The Benchwarmers goes down swinging.
It's good bloody fun just hanging out with the vamps at their house, listening to them squabble, watching them make pottery ...	A giddy, mostly improvised look at the lives of a quartet of vampire flatmates in Wellington, New Zealand.	Filled with throw away humour and occasional LOL moments of the ghoulish kind, the film's technical achievements help audiences take it seriously while at the same time laughing along with the comedic ideas.	Aside from being flat-out hilarious, this vampire-themed reality TV spoof actually has some pungent things to say about friendship in the 21st century. Not that it's ever trying to make a point.	Taikia Waititi and Jemaine Clement's rollicking mockumentary "What We Do in the Shadows" shows us that bloodsuckers have banal problems, too -- like getting along with roommates.	Smarter, fresher, and funnier than a modern vampire movie has any right to be, What We Do in the Shadows is bloody good fun.
... unnecessary ...	Kids have always had a love-hate relationship with ants...and The Ant Bully ingeniously explores this childhood inconsistency.	The movie has a great time playing with ideas of scope and perspective, shifting between microscopic and macroscopic.	The film's heavyhanded lessons turn it from a fun romp through a cartoonish insect world to a predictable and preachy snoozefest.	...visually OK, with a number of clever lines...	Sometimes inventive and witty, this animated adventure into an ant-sized world is a pleasant diversion.
Top Gun is the type of movie that turns the screen into an altar. Kneeling before its slick façade of 1980s magnificence, you are in the shadow of a film that has defined the modern day action blockbuster.	Jet piloting is the ultimate gesture not of national defense but of personal style, as if the planes were the ultimate, unfeminizing fashion accessory.	Like many films from its decade, Top Gun is steeped in 80s culture %u2013 from the top 40 music to the clothing styles.	Every time I see it, I just want to smash Tom Cruise's smug, arrogant face into the cockpit windshield.	Once 'Top Gun... gets back to earth, the master of the skies is as clunky as a big land-bound bird.	Though it features some of the most memorable and electrifying aereial footage shot with an expert eye for action, Top Gun offers too little for non-adolescent viewers to chew on when its characters aren't in the air.
Perhaps it will be a strong enough reminder of what's going on down there, un-checked and unregulated, that it will encourage those familiar with the subject to at least talk about it more with those who aren't.	In alerting the world to an American wartime indignity, the release of The Road to Guantanamo is also a roadblock to fighting terrorism, but that's a chance we should all be willing to take.	An impressive docudrama that recreates, in gut-wrenching detail, one of the most heinous recent examples of wrongdoing by the U.S. military -- that we know of.	Forte sem jamais se tornar apelativo, é uma denúncia contundente que expőe, de forma inequívoca, os abusos, a crueldade e a arrogância atroz do governo norte-americano, cujos integrantes deveriam ser julgados por crimes de guerra.	Whether informed audiences will learn something new here is debatable. Instead, the directors seem more interested in refocusing attention on the subject of the existence of Guantanamo in general.	A gut-wrenching and riveting docu-drama that serves as a stinging indictment of U.S. military justice in an era of ever-increasing scrutiny.
Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.	Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.	full review in Greek	I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.	Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.	Derivative and full of pop culture in-jokes.
Inept movie based on anime series has lots of martial arts action.	Enjoyable action-adventure enlivened by likeable performances, fast-paced direction and a script that's smart enough to cover a few teen movie bases along the way.	Chintzy effects, badly overdubbed dialogue, an idiotic script and a cave set that looks exactly like the "caves" on log-flume rides.	this first installment was actually entertaining enough that a sequel could work out the kinks to become a very solid franchise.	I am no expert in the field of Dragon Ball. However... the first live-action, English-language film in the franchise is absolutely insipid.	Executed with little panache or invention, Dragonball Evolution lacks the magic that made the books upon which it was based a cult sensation.
Extremely tedious and pedantic.	Funny, witty and with plenty of modern-day resonance, this is top-of-the-line British filmmaking.	Nigel Hawthorne garnered all the laurels for his Oscar-nominated performance, but don't overlook Rupert Everett's deliciously camp Regent-in-waiting.	Somehow ... this frail figure [George] is an immensely likable -- and, at times, deeply moving -- character.	So slick, so clever and so incredibly lucid that it neither leads to much in the way of thought, discussion or, unfortunately, repeat viewing.	Thanks largely to stellar all-around performances from a talented cast, The Madness of King George is a funny, entertaining, and immensely likable adaptation of the eponymous stage production.
the company films [the killers] re-enacting their murders in the style of American gangster films and lavish musicals, claiming to film them for a movie.	It is utterly chilling.	I'll never forget the final ten minutes of this documentary. Film begins to take revenge.	Hopefully there will be as much of a lasting effect on the killers as this picture has on the viewer, in a feature that isn't likely to escape you easily.	It's a tough watch, but it's not like anything you've ever seen.	Raw, terrifying, and painfully difficult to watch, The Act of Killing offers a haunting testament to the edifying, confrontational power of documentary cinema.
The kind of gooey, inspirational drama that reigned supreme back in the day of the disease-of-the-week TV movie.	The importance of the film's themes and the wonderful acting of Kevin Kline make it worth overlooking the derivative script and 'everything but the kitchen sink' direction.	The difference between the house and the film is that the house is brought to completion in satisfying fashion. The film isn't.	Life as a House reaches easily past all your intellectual and emotional barriers, back into that spot behind your heart, where the levers that release tears are stored.	Life as a House is no cinematic masterpiece but it stays with you.	A manipulative tearjerker, Life as a House benefits from fine performances from the cast.
Illustrates the beauty of a well-made scary movie; you don't have to believe it to feel your hair stand on end.	Puportedly "Based on True Events," a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is "Based on a True Story" with a straight face.	A better-than-expected thriller...	Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and, hence, more chillingly effective.	Psychological thriller may deeply upset some kids.	A creepy thriller that poses more questions than it answers.
Arthur Reinhart's stunning images repeatedly isolate Isolde among the cool, gray expanse of natural settings. She's a freethinking woman at the mercy of powerful forces beyond her control, trapped in the wrong place at the wrong time in history.	The fate of two nations hinges on the nondisclosure of the stolen kisses and secret trysts. But, boy, could I have not cared less.	It's a nice attempt to tell a classic love story with integrity, but the execution falters, leaving the true power of the romance lacking when the film needs it the most.	Sorry, no magic here.	A tepid, tinny modernist recasting of the epic romance...something like a WB Network twentysomething soap opera in medieval dress.	Competent but somewhat static, Tristan & Isolde doesn't achieve the sweeping romanticism that it aims for.
Eye-popping lensing and an appreciation of social complexities combine for an entirely satisfying experience.	It's a feel-good film that actually makes you feel good.	A triumph from every angle.	David LaChapelle's documentary is a spirited but less-than-insightful look at contemporary youth culture in south-central Los Angeles.	not much more than an extended infomercial	The dances in Rize are electric even if the documentary doesn't go that deeply into the performers' lives.
Yo-Ho-Ho hum.	A semi-adventure and even less of a romantic comedy, only pretends to whip up excitement.	Let's just say that enjoyment, even trashy enjoyment, is not to be sneered at. Boredom, on the other hand, is -- and that's the real crime committed by the dead-in-the-water Fool's Gold.	Fool's Gold is so predictable that seeing the trailer is essentially the same as seeing the movie.	This is garbage. It's pretty garbage inhabited by pretty people in pretty surroundings, but it's still garbage.	With little chemistry among the performers, humorless gags, and a predictable storyline, Fool's Gold fails on every level.
it could have held back on the parts featuring boredom because they did tend to drag the suspense down a bit	Despite moments of genuine intensity, the film is still hampered by weak character development, sloppy editing, and an inferior script.	Good but not great, marred by a sometimes implausible storyline and an accentuation of a love story that seems grafted onto the real movie.	It's remarkable.	Instead of the swelling score and big Drama, Ememy could have used a little Three Kings sardonicism.	Atmospheric and thrilling, Enemy at the Gates gets the look and feel of war right. However, the love story seems out of place.
Graced by Davis and enlivened by Lovitz and the ensemble cast, it sends us home feeling a little higher, with visions of peanuts and Cracker Jack floating in our heads.	It is a fitting tribute to those who played and those who kept the league going for over 10 years.	This was probably supposed to be a feminist manifesto, but the men steal the picture.	The movie drones along uninvolvingly, as if it were erecting a monument, not telling a story.	From its jokey, one-note characters to its endless baseball montages, A League of Their Own is all flash, all surface: It's a great big trailer for itself.	Sentimental and light, but still thoroughly charming, A League of Their Own is buoyed by solid performances from a wonderful cast.
Ricci's strong work is ultimately just support for Potter's entrancing and emotional vision.	It's all big moments, the world's longest and most sincere trailer.	A sprawling affair, filled with bad accents ... tired cliches about studly horsemen and young girls' sexual awakenings, and really bad lip-syncing to Italian opera.	Ricci ... can't hold audience interest for more than about five minutes, especially when she's stuck with material as superficial and slow-moving as this period drama.	Potter is great at conveying female anxiety and documenting women's complex lives.	The storyline is overwrought and awkward, and the audience is distanced from the flatly drawn characters.
There's much fun to be had at Bugsy, if elegance, precision, and energy are enough to satisfy your tastes.	While avoiding the usual gangster film clichés, director Barry Levinson also insists that Warren Beatty does more than coast through this movie on matinée idol looks and easy charm.	classy and fascinating	Warren Beatty delivers some of his best acting in years as Bugsy Siegel, the gangster responsible for the inception of Las Vegas as we now know it.	While Bugsy expertly captures the glamor of '40s Hollywood, it fails as the drama of a man whose dreams of glory lure him to an ignominious end.	Stylishly scattered, Bugsy offers cinematic homage to the infamous underworld legend, chiefly through a magnetic performance from Warren Beatty in the title role.
It says something that the film has stayed with me well past the entire year-end Oscar season screening frenzy, when I sat through twice the usual number of films.	Forster is confident enough in his script and actors, as well he should be, and is content to let them shine.	It's wonderful, mature writing, and beautifully acted.	In a movie season already nourished with tales of domestic despair, Monster's Ball is the most complex, naturalistic, and sympathetic.	The low-key performances by Thornton and Berry are so deeply felt that you feel like a cell mate in their emotional prisons.	Somber and thought provoking, Monster's Ball has great performances all around.
[A] fairly mundane thriller.	...an enjoyable little genre picture -- tense and stylish and full of Johnny Depp.	Another lousy movie adapted from Stephen King's writing; another slander against the mentally ill; another energetic Depp performance in a losing cause.	Johnny Depp is the saving grace of a sub-par, often boring mystery film with a spirited performance.	Sadly, the good isn't as good as the best King adaptations, and the bad isn't as funny as the worst ones.	Depp is quirkily entertaining, but the movie runs out of steam by the end.
Why do the all the Nazis here have British accents? How confusing is that? An unintentionally-comical cross of Hogan's Heroes and Springtime for Hitler!	Although it's told from the perspective of a child, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is as shattering as any film about the Holocaust could be, perhaps more so.	Not quite on par with Life is Beautiful or Schindler's List but it's still a powerful film, and a more than worthy addition to the genre due to its unique perspective.	Boy in the Striped Pajamas is morally defensible, but very hard to watch.	Writer-director Mark Herman's adaptation of John Boyne's young-adult novel might register to some viewers as offensively tasteful.	A touching and haunting family film that deals with the Holocaust in an arresting and unusual manner, and packs a brutal final punch of a twist.
While it's possible to stretch a 32-page storybook into a full-length feature, it's not necessarily a good idea.	...rarely dull...	Zathura is a rousing tale with an agreeable balance of fear and teachable moments, the kind of adventure story that seems old-fashioned these days.	Zathura is most interesting and least predictable in its opening scenes -- before the impressive special effects take over.	It's not nearly as good as Jumanji.	Dazzling special effects for the kids + well-crafted storytelling for the 'rents = cinematic satisfaction for the whole family.
The suspense builds continually, operating on multi-layers...	Alfred Hitchcock's Notorious is the most elegant expression of the master's visual style, just as Vertigo is the fullest expression of his obsessions.	Shimmering and stealthy in its violence, Notorious is Hitchcock's best of the 1940s.	Second only to Psycho as my favorite Hitchcock movie.	Bergman and Grant sizzle in this espionage tale written by Ben Hecht.	Sublime direction from Hitchcock, and terrific central performances from Ingrid Bergman and Cary Grant make this a bona-fide classic worthy of a re-visit.
This is American self-absorption at its finest.	Lobs punishing combinations at the flabby midsection of life in the 1990s. But as the film wears on, it's apparent that Fincher can't deliver the knockout blow.	Fight Club is a work of prevailing violence.	Fight Club is an empty shout of 'To hell with it all!'	Norton's performance is just shy of brilliant	Solid acting, amazing direction, and elaborate production design make Fight Club a wild ride.
[Branagh] has found his way to the play's profound yet populist heart, rediscovering Shakespeare's vision of romantic fulfillment - celebration with an underlying tug of sadness - for an era that believes itself all too wise to the ways of love.	Wonderful rendering of Shakespeare's comedy. Branagh and Thompson shine. Wish I could say the same for Keanu.	The pace is fast and Shakespeare pleases much.	There's much to commend in Branagh's pruned, international version of Shakespeare's troubling comedy.	A lively and colorful adaptation of Shakespeare's play; Thompson and Branagh are especially fun to watch.	Kenneth Branagh's love for the material is contagious in this exuberant adaptation.
The last of director Park Chanwook's revenge trilogy, Sympathy for Lady Vengeance is another astonishing achievement of slasher-style justice, moral tussles, and eye-candy design ...	Powered by a glowering performance by actress Lee Young Ae, it is a walloping tale.	The theme of how all-around bad revenge is starts to wear a little thin... But there's always a perverse delight in just watching how a Park movie is executed.	If you have a taste for revenge or just a taste for wickedly well-done filmmaking, help yourself to a serving of Lady Vengeance.	The first hour will test the patience of all but diehard fans of the genre, flipping randomly through time before things settle down for a final 50 minutes examining the ethics of revenge.	Stylistically flashy and gruesomely violent, Sympathy for Lady Vengeance fits in nicely with the other two films of Park's revenge trilogy.
Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.	Never to be surpassed, never to be repeated.	Voyeurism at its finest!	...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.	One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'	Hitchcock exerted full potential of suspense in this masterpiece.
Not even an actor with Washington's gravitas can keep eyes from rolling at the silliness dished here.	Knjiga iskupljenja se mo%u017Ee preporu%u010Diti zbog originalnog pristupa pre%u017Evakanoj, ali na %u017Ealost jo%u0161 uvijek aktualnoj temi	Suffers mainly from simplicity.	...a watchable endeavor that should please fans of the genre...	A stylish, gritty fantasy feature that wrestles with the agonies, joys and eternal wrinkles of faith and evil and the dangerous minuet they do.	It's certainly uneven, and many viewers will find that its reach exceeds its grasp, but The Book of Eli finds the Hughes brothers injecting some fresh stylish fun into the kind of post-apocalyptic wasteland filmgoers have seen more than enough of lately.
With his new film Macdonald has achieved, if not physical elevation, then at least spiritual soaring.	a virtually perfect reconstruction of the events so chillingly recounted in Simpson's text	Accomplished filmmaking and powerful human statement...Like mountain climbing itself, it's both thrilling and rather terrifying.	Its title suggests a meet-and-greet with Ashton Kutcher.	So well cast and well captured is Touching the Void that it suspends disbelief, making us feel as if we're actually watching Simpson's own icy version of Dante's Inferno.	Gripping even though the outcome is known.
... if there is one reason to see this occasionally carnal tale of spring-winter desire, it is the performance of O'Toole.	O'Toole spent so many years being better than the little material that he was offered that it's heartening to see him sprint toward the finish of his career with such a flourish. If this is his curtain call, it's a glorious one.	Newcomer Jodie Whittaker fulfills the elusive arc of her budding character, but it is the great Peter O'Toole who makes every ticking of the clock seem a momentous occasion in this nuanced drama about the power of the female body to inspire.	It makes a nice arc from an entertaining beginning to a bittersweet ending.	Venus adheres to the general parameters of conventional Hollywood with such cheek, intelligence and sheer self-deprecating nastiness that it does more to redeem the fantasy than it does the selfish and vain old geezer who is its beneficiary.	Audiences may attend to witness Peter O'Toole's Oscar-worthy performance, but they'll also be treated to a humane, tender exploration of maturing with both dignity and irreverence.
Don't look for hot sex or boiled bunnies in Obsessed, a mild-mannered version of Fatal Attraction that seems to be hoping racial politics will fill in for a script.	Seldom does a movie thriller misfire so severely as this one.	So hammy and overwrought that it's actually hysterically entertaining.	'I'm not your typical temp,' said Ali, as she orders a dirty martini, which is a martini in a glass raised by wolves.	If the producers had done their work properly on Obsessed, I would not now be wishing I could reclaim the two hours I wasted on this tepid, sexless, thrill-free melodrama.	The inevitable Fatal Attraction comparisons aside, Obsessed is a generic, toothless thriller both instantly predictable and instantly forgettable.
Yet another dysfunctional-family, holiday-reunion film that's no better, no worse than its bourgeois predecessors - unless you happen to be a Francophile.	For people who find that movies that are full of sentimentality and sympathy set off their gag reflex, this is the holiday movie for you.	The characters' explosive emotions - tender and bitter, guilt-wracked and willfully inscrutable - make "A Christmas Tale" an edge-of-your-seat experience in a way most thrillers could only dream about.	Those looking for a cheery family gathering for the holidays flick might want to look elsewhere. Those who enjoy quirky family dramas, beautifully written, performed and shot will be thrilled by Desplechin's latest.	Never devolves into a tedious two-and-a-half hours of self-examination. But it also never goes very far, either.	A sharp black comedy about a chaotic family holiday gathering, A Christmas Tale is always involving, thanks to an impressive ensemble cast.
...flirts with sadism, but it's much more than a sick stunt.	It's an oblique, visually striking modern fable...	The true dark-horse nominee among this year's foreign-language Oscar contenders, Dogtooth leaves bite marks that stick around long after you are released from its grip.	This rather mannered allegory will annoy some filmgoers with its elliptical plot and heavy-handed message. But there's no denying the film's power.	I've seen movies this weird before, but never from Greece.	It'll be too disturbing -- and meandering -- for some, but Dogtooth is as disturbing and startlingly original as modern filmmaking gets.
The Roger Moore Bond days are drawing to close, as this weak entry shows.	Makes no pretense of being based on anything except the Ian Fleming character and the high good humor and wit of the film makers.	Nice title, shame about the movie.	...more than a bit silly compared to its immediate predecessor.	More sexual innuendo than usual in provocatively named film.	Despite a couple of electrifying action sequences, Octopussy is a formulaic, anachronistic Bond outing.
It's in the small touches that this movie comes alive, and it's rare that directors can pull off this kind of thing.	In one scene a coach preaches to his team, 'Offense sells tickets. Defense wins games.' Prince-Bythewood subscribes to such a substance-over-style strategy as she resists flash and cheap dramatics.	The chemistry between the two stars is exactly right. They are entirely believable as friends, as rivals and as lovers -- a tricky combination for any acting pair.	Offers a pleasant double whammy of roundball and romance.	This film does at least feature superior acting and a solid script.	Confident directing and acting deliver an insightful look at young athletes.
Park's worldview is grotty to such extremes that it becomes hard to recommend [this] in good conscience, no matter how virtuosic the delivery.	Park's deliberate direction is full of serene scenes and lovely images for a film so full of violence and death...	Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock. It's an odd testament to his spiritedness that, despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead, Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life.	The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories.	It's more of a freak show -- although freak shows can be fun, too.	Though Park directs with stylistic flair, this revenge thriller is more excessively gruesome than thrilling.
The Pirates! Band of Misfits is one of the funniest animated films in years.	The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel. They needn't hurry. Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.	Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.	The lovingly crafted sight gags are plentiful and the lightly Pythonesque dialogue is cleverer than your average live-action comedy.	The movie looks meticulously crafted, of course, and is consistently, drily amusing.	It may not quite scale Aardman's customary delirious heights, but The Pirates! still represents some of the smartest, most skillfully animated fare that modern cinema has to offer.
Weak but Christopher Lee is great	It's all gaudily good, right down to Hervé Villechaize(!), bikini-clad Britt Ekland, and the inimitable Clifton James as the vacationing Sheriff J.W. Pepper.	Action-packed Bond film has sexual situations, shooting.	Roger Moore is a pastry chef's idea of James Bond; but Christopher Lee as the archetype of the evil antagonist makes this 007 outing just about bearable.	I thought Live and Let Die had to be the worst Bond movie in the series, but now I'm not so sure. The Man with the Golden Gun is running a very close second.	A middling Bond film, The Man With the Golden Gun suffers from double entendre-laden dialogue, a noteworthy lack of gadgets, and a villain that overshadows 007.
A sexy and often comical road trip that demonstrates how personal agendas and insecurities sabotage and corrupt not just personal but political ideals.	As playful and politically scatterbrained as Truffaut's overrated Jules and Jim, Tambien has the raunchier upper hand.	It delivered in laughs, moments of surprise, drama and beauty.	A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say.	If adult viewers go in with lowered expectations and don't mind the graphic sexual material, they'll probably find that this film offers enough of a different take on the standard road movie.	A road movie that's not only sexy, but intelligent as well.
The high concept almost guarantees complete awfulness. In the face of such overwhelming odds most films would give up, but Good Boy! goes down fighting.	A devastating work of pro-doggie propaganda.	... terrible, terrible movie.	Packs a lot of bark but not much bite.	Good Boy! is so gentle and fleecy, dozing parents might suspect a fabric softener was involved in the creative process.	Good Boy! should appeal to kids. Adults, however, might consider it a dog.
Child ballet dancer and former journalist Bess Kargman brings a dancer's passion and insight to her directorial debut, illuminating the addictive magic and fierce demands of a ballet dancer's life.	Magically upbeat and exhilarating in spirit. Particularly noteworthy is the way director Bess Kargman manages to address a few world issues with great hopefulness.	If this film doesn't put a smile on your face, you are too hard to please.	Kargman ... brings a welcome empathy to this programmatic film that follows six hopefuls as they compete in something called the Youth America Grand Prix, which we're told is the most comprehensive ballet competition in the world.	This material could have been assembled into a more creative and suspenseful narrative.	An upbeat and visually dramatic documentary of children's ballet, First Position displays the potential of the human spirit when fostered at a young age.
Yes, Anywhere But Here does play a one-note mom-daughter tune. But it does this so well, it's still a successful movie.	Sarandon is good, but Portman is astonishing.	Both Sarandon and Portman provide solid performances in a film that is otherwise predictable and slight.	Anywhere But Here works in no small part because of the pairing of the huge talents of Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman.	There's a warmly harmonic convergence among scriptwriter Alvin Sargent, director Wayne Wang and cinematographer Roger Deakins.	The strong chemistry between Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman as a mother and daughter trying to make a fresh start in L.A. helps to elevate Anywhere But Here above its occasional forays into melodrama.
There's no mistaking Flight of the Navigator for a really first-rate children's picture like, say, The Black Stallion. But Flight of the Navigator is an enjoyable film that encourages kids to use their heads.	Appealing children's sci-fi fantasy film, that follows the squeaky-clean Disney formula.	Whereas its plot may be derivative--and at several junctures, unconvincing--"Flight of the Navigator" nevertheless manages to develop considerable humor and poignancy from David's predicament and what he does about it.	Innocuously entertaining...	The brain-assaulting sci-fi second half of Flight of the Navigator is made palpable by Cramer, who deftly conveys anguish during the first half. Now, he wants to go home and his gung-ho attitude makes every dumb effect exciting.	Bolstered by impressive special effects and a charming performance from its young star, Flight of the Navigator holds up as a solidly entertaining bit of family-friendly sci-fi.
Allen, the schlemiel, has humiliated himself and hurt his family, disillusioned his fans and become a case in point for the GOP, but he has also hit upon an issue that is universally applicable.	Excellent performances from Pollack and Davis in particular, make this one of Woody's finest of the 90s.	Husbands and Wives is a defining film for these emotionally embattled times; it's classic Woody Allen.	This is one of Woody Allen's best films to date, combining some of his finest serious writing about relationships, in the style of Hannah and her Sisters, with humor that's all the more effective thanks to its dark, edgy context.	Thought of as Woody Allen's artistic comeback. A wonderful exploration of relationships.	Husbands and Wives is a blistering, emotionally raw snapshot of two marriages self-destructing.
...a heady, dizzying experience...	Now if they could just pipe in the smell of sweat, pot and beer, it would be exactly like going to a concert.	If you are a die hard U2 fan, you will LOVE LOVE LOVE this! A very cool experience!	Pretty much the perfect option for casual U2 fans who've heard they're good live but would never shell out $50 to see 'em.	As a testament to one of the few bands that actually warrants the 3D concert film treatment, U2 3D rattles and hums like no other.	3D transports the viewer to an intimate seat at a U2 performance, for an exhilarating musical experience at the price of a movie ticket.
Whatever is good gets drowned out by the nasty tone that oozes from much of the humor.	This film does have enough funny to make for some good times for most Sandler fans.	Plays like a series of sketches performed by a revolving cast of guest stars, a Carol Burnett Show of the damned.	Farfetched as it seems, Little Nicky emerges as a comic tribute to filial loyality.	Just another juvenile Sandler comedy -- and one with relatively few laughs at that.	Despite the presence of a large, talented cast, the jokes in Little Nicky are dumb, tasteless, and not that funny, and Adam Sandler's character is grating to watch.
She wanted you to look and look again, and this film is full of images which make you do just that.	With her lacquered black hair and Kabuki-like face, one-time 'ugly duckling' Vreeland was her own work of art and, as the film reminds us, she was one of the most important and amusing self-made works of art of her century.	"I think your imagination is your reality," she once said. And so hers proved.	Bursting with insights and a droll sense of the absurd side of fashion, it's a fitting tribute to one of the industry's key figures.	We suspect that in her imperious voice, Vreeland would say she was mad about it, and she'd mean it as a measure of praise.	An affectionate portrait created with visual flair, Diana Vreeland is entertaining, informative, and stylish, due in large part to its charismatic subject.
...a dismal looking affair with flat sound. If it's title sounds like something that might happen in a dentist's office, that's about what sitting through it feels like.	Mike Judge doesn't sugarcoat his characters as anything more than slightly contemptible fratboys, a quality that makes his brand of comedy alternately liberating and frustrating.	Extract yourself from your couch and go see this agreeable working class comedy.	Bateman's wry and deadpan reactions elevate his scenes with Affleck to something with a whiff of genius, and his steady presence in the less uproarious sequences makes them at least entertaining.	To keep it simple, the film is very dull and dry.	Extract has some very funny moments and several fine performances, but the film feels slighter and more uneven than Mike Judge's previous work.
The final chapter has more emotion and expands on the character development, not just the action. It is a fitting end for our travelers.	Here, in scenes of quiet emotion, devastating violence, sweeping chaos and tranquil hope,is a profound conclusion to an unforgettable trilogy-the best American trilogy ever made.	This is a masterpiece of filmmaking and Jackson truly deserves an Oscar.	As the capstone to one of the single greatest achievements of modern motion-picture history, The Return of the King is generally peerless.	Has energy and power, particularly in a battle scene highlighted by spectacular shots of catapulting boulders.	Visually breathtaking and emotionally powerful, The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King is a moving and satisfying conclusion to a great trilogy.
The road doc format's nothing new, but it preserves such a brief, precious moment in rock history that it'll have fans captivated.	Full of bright colors, offbeat people, tuneful sounds.	It's the overnight jam sessions that steal the show.	One of the great rock 'n' roll movies, a treasure trove of music and a wildly entertaining chronicle of a vanished time.	This is the film's most interesting angle: the tension that arises as rabble-rousers fight with cops and rail against the promoters who dared to charge $16 for a daylong concert.	Festival Express is a spellbinding documentary that nostalgically chronicles five days in the summer of 1970, when a train full of now- legendary rock perfomers jammed its way across Canada.
It lures you in with a promise of being a smart, zeitgeist-y satire, but before it can deliver on that promise, it morphs into something more resembling a soap opera.	The Joneses is a black comedy about stealth marketing made by a filmmaker who's evidently much too close to the subject to bite the hand that feeds him.	Director Derrick Borte's grasp of the material is shaky, which is revealed in major gaps in logic (how is it possible to keep track of the "sales" the Joneses are credited for?) and, worse, tone.	Duchovny exudes charm and humor throughout, and he alone nearly makes up for material that's generally rather flat.	Ordinarily, I wouldn't have crossed the road to see Moore and Duchovny together, but their relationship works both before and after the film's outragous left-field twist.	It doesn't pursue its subversive premise as far as it should, but The Joneses benefits from its timely satire of consumer culture -- as well as a pair of strong performances from David Duchovny and Demi Moore.
While it never quite thrills, you soon settle into the relaxed rapport and easy rhythms of a decent comedy - albeit one that is distinctly beige, and almost instantly forgettable.	One of those pleasant examples of a movie doing precisely what it promises on the poster.	Anne Hathaway lights up the screen in this likeable comedy in which work, purpose, life and love come under the magnifying glass	Pleasant but bland, Nancy Meyer's latest exercise in anodyne filmmaking is as sweet as cotton candy and just about as nourishing.	A touching, insightful and amusing drama based on believable characters and clever ideas.	The Intern doesn't do enough with its timely premise, but benefits from the unorthodox chemistry of its talented leads.
Not awful and certainly not great, Matilda is a strange little flick, but that's not to say your 9-year-old daughter won't get a solid kick out of it.	Dark, beautiful adaptation of Roald Dahl story is uncompromising, entertaining and moving.	With her sweet-sad face, Mara Wilson is a perfect Matilda.	DeVito gleefully preserves Dahl's dark comic tone, which should delight both kids and parents.	Slick kids movie that preserves Roald Dahl's gleeful nastiness.	Danny DeVito-directed version of Matilda is odd, charming, and while the movie diverges from Roald Dahl, it nonetheless captures the book's spirit.
There's an effective love story at Testament of Youth's core, but the misery of this nuance-free adaptation of Vera Brittain's autobiography drowns the romance in tedium.	The film is elegantly done, mainly because it wisely expends most of its energy on Alicia Vikander's face.	Testament of Youth is an exquisitely composed portrayal of the despair and futility of World War I as seen from the rarely revealed viewpoint of an idealistic young woman.	It spends too much time on tragedies that are inherent to most war films and only begins to explore some of the most interesting parts of Vera's life at the film's end.	This is a year awash with memories of World War I, but Vera and her story offer an angle unlikely to be found anywhere else.	Testament of Youth is well-acted and beautifully filmed, adding up to an enriching if not adventurous experience for fans of British period dramas.
The Road is one of the year's strongest dramas. But it's no picnic, to say the least.	This is a tough road to follow	Fans of No Country For Old Men may find the film insufficiently quirky (do not expect humour, not even the darkest kind), the decimated world created is wholly compelling and a submersive experience.	The end of civilization in The Road is ugly and terrifying, but that makes the father and son's hope and faith so much stronger.	The movie The Road is nowhere close to its literary sire, but it's probably the best one could hope for from a movie version.	The Road's commitment to Cormac McCarthy's dark vision may prove too unyielding for some, but the film benefits from hauntingly powerful performances from Viggo Mortensen and Kodi McPhee.
If you want history, visit a library. See Casanova for the visual feast.	By the time they make double entendres about a rich man being "well endowed" (get it?), the film is trying way too hard, like the kid at the dinner table who just learned dirty words and wants the adults to laugh.	Hallström's latest is fine but unambitious, content with what it is -- an arthouse trifle for the masses.	A forgettable movie but a memorable celluloid poster for Venice.	The movie Casanova, starring Heath Ledger, not only fetters the randy Venetian in political correctness, it condemns him to dwell inside the modern equivalent of a bad Shakespeare play.	This frothy, oddly bloodless film does a disservice to the colorful life of the real Casanova.
the usual assortment of harried kids, hopeless cops, inadequate parents, creepy dream sequences and highly creative murders	Freddy vs. Jason succeeds as a guilty pleasure.	Like the later chapters in both of these seemingly endless movie series, it all seems just a bit too familiar and a bit too obvious as to what's coming next.	Despite the slow spots, there's a sense of fun, which goes into overdrive when the big fight starts.	Will satisfy the hordes who've awaited this heavyweight matchup for a decade.	Fans of the two horror franchises will enjoy this showdown. But for everyone else, it's the same old slice and dice.
Feels like nothing more than a pleasant but distant business transaction.	Smart but slight.	Uneven thriller isn't for kids. Kidman's great.	Unfortunately, when Yuri and Alexei are introduced, the movie sort of goes downhill a little bit.	Birthday Girl won't make you forget Kidman's better work, but it's not a film you long to excise from your memory.	Kidman shows her range in this quirky movie, but the shift in tone from romantic comedy to thriller may leave viewers unsatisfied.
Dinner For Schmucks is easily the most obnoxious film of the year, and ranks high among the least intelligent remakes of all time.	Slapstick comedy feasts on the nerdiness of others.	These aren't the kind of laughs that will add points to your IQ. You may actually lose a couple by the time it's all over. But that's OK, because the goofy Dinner for Schmucks doesn't require much brain strain to appreciate.	Paramount Pictures and director Jay Roach would like to invite you to a dinner they're hosting, at which you are welcome to laugh at these poor jerks. That's a little messed up.	A long and rambling comedy about nothing.	It doesn't honor its source material -- or its immensely likable leads -- as well as it should, but Dinner for Schmucks offers fitfully nourishing comedy.
Science-fiction filmmaking takes a gigantic leap forward with James Cameron's rousing action spectacle. Be prepared to see it multiple times on the biggest screen you can find.	You have to see Avatar to believe it, and even then it's nearly impossible to register all of what's on screen.	Rebirths the old fashioned action epic in a era of soulless marketing machines, desensitizing shock pieces, and overrated indie-art imposters. Cameron's vision exceeds the hype.	Worthington and Saldana provide enough wattage to keep the film's human center alive and beating, while Cameron wraps their story in an armature of generally impressive 3D attractions as well as a righteousness that's touching yet all too simplistic	A born again, freshly buffed wheelchair warrior turned unwitting capitalist tool in league with a digitalized free spirit princess, takes on forest foreclosure and the military industrial complex, in this breathtaking futuristic identity theft odyssey.	It might be more impressive on a technical level than as a piece of storytelling, but Avatar reaffirms James Cameron's singular gift for imaginative, absorbing filmmaking.
It's noisy and fun, but that's all it is.	Considerably more intelligent than most of Jerry Bruckheimer's productions -- and Hackman's just awesome.	Quentin Tarantino contributes some priceless dialogue, but the wearying pattern of mutinies and counter-mutinies ultimately sinks it.	Well written suspenseful submarine drama.	There is so much excellent about this picture it is hard to know where to begin.	Boasting taut, high energy thrills and some cracking dialogue courtesy of an uncredited Quentin Tarantino, Crimson Tide finds director Tony Scott near the top of his action game.
A huge cast wasted in this interminable mess	It's A Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World remains a technological and creative marvel for reasons beyond its sometimes fitful ability to make audiences laugh.	The ensuing adventures stretch the definition of the word madcap.	For every inspired set-piece, there are one or two that don't work, making this a frequently frustrating watch.	[VIDEO ESSAY] A classic example of the Screwball Comedy genre.	It's long, frantic, and stuffed to the gills with comic actors and set pieces -- and that's exactly its charm.
Cathartic, uplifting and lacking the earnestness that Hollywood ladles over addiction movies, this beautifully wrought piece is a joy.	The screenplay is fairly standard and even has a few cracks in it, but this film does have exceptional performances. Those performances lift this film above mediocrity.	...a vibrant portrayal of familial devotion, with all of its bitter little conflicts and buried sorrows.	It's good to see Anne Hathaway challenged in an emotionally dense role and here she gives a star turn as the vulnerable Kym whose despicable behaviour is a cry for help	Rachel Getting Married has the sense to recognize that it only takes one lunatic to throw a family gathering out of kilter; this is not an exercise in competitive crazy like last year's irritating Margot at the Wedding.	Rachel Getting Married is an engrossing tale of family angst, highlighted by Anne Hathaway's powerful performance and director Jonathan Demme's return to form.
Writer-director Erik Van Looy keeps the action moving briskly.	If you don't mind the subtitles, you should definitely see this one.	There is a lot going on in this densely packed thriller, but helmer Van Looy maintains a taut pace while creating a sense of suspense -- and empathy -- for its dark protagonist.	Van Looy has done a marvelous job bringing Geeraerts' detectives and the dying, seminoble hit man to life.	The only thing that prevents The Memory of a Killer from seeming 100-percent Hollywood is the characters' speaking in subtitled Dutch.	Even though The Memory of a Killer is standard genre fare, it is also engaging and stylish.
Jaa is an electrifying performer and the movie is primarily designed to show off what he does best.	About the only CGI illusion occurs when the bad guy exhales cigarette smoke through the blowhole of his tracheotomy. But Pinkaew isn't blowing smoke: this is the real deal.	Thai genre filmmakers are still finding their pathway, however awkwardly. What they can boast is a homegrown superstar: Tony Jaa.	The best parts of this movie are the gritty and grisly fight sequences that have a power and intensity you don't find in many movies nowadays.	Watching Tony Jaa... provides the same thrill as watching those early Jackie Chan movies. This guy is the real deal.	While Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior may be no great shakes as a movie, critics are hailing the emergence of a new star in Tony Jaa, whose athletic performance is drawing comparisons with Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, and Jet Li.
Any movie opening with a montage of mushroom clouds is not likely to be a barrel of fun, and Thirteen Days is no exception.	Perhaps the most human depiction of Jack and Bobby we've ever seen.	Donaldson captures authentic characters and events, which transcend any fictional drama.	Bruce Greenwood is exceptional as JFK -- quite a surprise after his smarmy villainous turns in Double Jeopardy and Rules of Engagement.	Walking out of the movie, our historical knowledge was improved only a whit - now we know the entire shebang lasted 13 days. And I knew that from the preview!	Thirteen Days offers a compelling look at the Cuban Missile Crisis, and its talented cast deftly portrays the real-life people who were involved.
During their late-70s heyday the Muppets won huge TV audiences with their corny puns and showbiz in-jokes, but stretched to feature length the formula loses some of its snap.	Too much Miss Piggy. I always hated Miss Piggy. Kermit was too good for her.	The usual pleasures are all here, but the puppeteers seemed especially intent on giving themselves logistical challenges this time around.	The movie contains several more cheery, Disneyesque songs than are necessary, but they are made tolerable by the presence of Kermit and Miss Piggy.	Lacks the warm wit of the original movie, but hey, the old-school Muppets were a funny bunch of freaks!	The Great Muppet Caper is overplotted and uneven, but the appealing presence of Kermit, Miss Piggy and the gang ensure that this heist flick is always breezily watchable.
Good, but a bit too straightforward to live up to its dramatic potential.	Playing out as much in the boardrooms of the Danish parent company as it is on the cargo vessel itself, the film is a real eye-opener: when this stuff happens, there's no-one to call for help ... A Hijacking is an exercise in precise filmmaking.	[An] excellent Danish thriller ...	A poignant and powerful drama about the hijacking of a Danish cargo ship and its seven member crew by Somali pirates.	A tense, gripping drama filled with psychological showdowns from Danish writer-director Tobias Lindholm.	A tense, gripping thriller, A Hijacking avoids action movie cliches and instead creates a palpable sense of dread by mixing gritty realism with atmospheric beauty.
The film crafts its messages amidst humor that moves the story along with delight and laughter.	'You can't rush art.' Pixar's bliss in art and play is part and parcel of both the creation and the meaning of Toy Story 2, a celebration of the pure joy of doing. [Blu-ray]	I forgot something about toys a long time ago, and Toy Story 2 reminded me. It involves the love, pity and guilt that a child feels for a favorite toy.	It's a tough act to follow, but director John Lasseter and his Pixar crew have done about as well as can be expected with Toy Story 2.	Toys are us.	The rare sequel that arguably improves on its predecessor, Toy Story 2 uses inventive storytelling, gorgeous animation, and a talented cast to deliver another rich moviegoing experience for all ages.
A romantic comedy so full of contrivances and idiotic behaviour that goodwill and patience soon evaporate.	You can practically feel comedy facepalming itself.	The people in this movie are dumber than a box of Tinkertoys.	It's abundantly clear that Sandler is caught in his own memory gap. As he wrestles with an uncomfortable middle age, he's either forgotten or ceased to care about how to make people laugh.	Offers enough hearty laughs to at least be considered a guilty pleasure, even if it still sticks far too close to formula that's worked for Sandler before.	Just Go With It may be slightly better than some entries in the recently dire rom-com genre, but that's far from a recommendation.
I hate it, yet I'm fascinated by the magnitude of the ambition and the failure to realize it.	What could have been limiting, especially considering the film's daunting length, turns out to be a daring concept.	Slow-moving but engrossing, it feels shorter, and any reservations you may have about the unorthodox approach are washed away by its unexpected and purgative ending.	Dogville is no different from von Trier's earlier parables of vulnerability and brutality. And like those works, it is the staggering, infuriating work of a visionary filmmaker.	What starts out as distracting works to bring us in closer to what we should be concentrating on: the passion of Nicole Kidman's tragic heroine, and what her suffering says about the hope of all mankind.	A challenging piece of experimental filmmaking.
Often feels less like a Disney product than a loving salute to the snappy Warner Bros. cartoons of the 1940s, mixed with the off-the-cuff satire of Aladdin and Hercules.	A near-perfect mix of fresh characters, well-cast voices, superb visuals, and a fast-paced, fantasy-adventure plot.	As Disney animated films go this is not the best, but definitely not the worst.	A light comedy with state-of-the-art animations and an insubstantial story, though a cute one.	Pleasant and fast-moving entertainment...	The Emperor's New Groove isn't the most ambitious animated film, but its brisk pace, fresh characters, and big laughs make for a great time for the whole family.
I wouldn't exactly recommend it, but let's just say you could certainly do worse.	If a couple of adults are looking for mature movie enjoyment, this can be a disappointing recipe. But if you want a fun, fast-paced film that can be enjoyed by all ages, it cooks up just right.	Alfred Molina's award-quality performance and the special effects aren't enough to keep this from causing a lot of squirming.	Turteltaub has a workmanlike touch and an easy sense of humor here, and he and his team do a better-than-expected job of keeping you interested in the story, despite it being yet another Tale of a Reluctant Young Man With A Supernatural Hero's Calling.	It is the exact kind of film you would imagine to be spun-off from a dialogue-free animated sequence from Fantasia; that is to say, not a very complex or interesting one.	It has a likable cast and loads of CGI spectacle, but for all but the least demanding viewers, The Sorcerer's Apprentice will be less than spellbinding.
Lee spins an engaging yarn of funny and true-to-life emotional complexities, but his characters resolve all their issues far to easily as the closing credits begin to loom.	It all cops out at the end as all wedding pics do, but along the way there's plenty of fine acting, sharp dialogue and sexual intrigue to keep most audiences interested.	An appealing romance.	The Best Man is a class act, from top to bottom.	The Best Man is phony on every level.	With a strong cast and a host of well-defined characters, The Best Man is an intelligent, funny romantic comedy that marks an impressive debut for writer/director Malcolm D. Lee.
[An] exhilarating whirlwind of a drama.	This thriller gives you an entertaining run for your money and some offbeat frissons along the way.	The Crying Game's effectiveness comes not from the big reveal, but from the expertly crafted story that frames it and makes it into a meaningful reversal rather than a sudden isolated shock.	One of the year's best films.	If you're waiting for something explosive to happen, that may be the case, but if you're absorbing the meticulous and subtle character interaction, the pacing is perfect.	The Crying Game is famous for its shocking twist, but this thoughtful, haunting mystery grips the viewer from start to finish.
So far, the definitive biopic documentary on the elusive Bob Marley.	Documentaries fully authorized by the subject's surviving family members are rarely this rich.	Will get you up to speed regarding all things Marley.	[It] shows off his chops not by doing anything dazzling - the film is documentary prose, not poetry - but by treating Marley as a man of depth and nuance, of inner light and shadow.	Gradually, the dreadlocks, the music and the cloud of ganja smoke come together to form as recognisable an image as that of the equally short-lived Che Guevara.	Kevin Macdonald's exhaustive, evenhanded portrait of Bob Marley offers electrifying concert footage and fascinating insights into reggae's greatest star.
Tough, pitiless and maybe more than some audiences will be able to bear, but brilliant all the same.	This is not one of [Breillat's] better efforts.	Get over the numb shock that accompanies the end credits, give yourself some distance from it and you may actually appreciate the complex machinations behind Breillat's brave, troubled work.	Time to let your breath out. The worst movie of 2001 is here.	Between the scenes of teen-porn that are the film's main purpose ... Breillat indulges the penchant she showed in Romance for pretentious, idiotic dialogue.	The controversial Fat Girl is an unflinchingly harsh but powerful look at female adolescence.
No special use is made of the talents of Miranda Richardson, Nigel Havers, Joe Pantoliano and the others, so it is up to young English thesp Bale to engage the viewer's interest, which he does superbly.	If you've ever wondered where the Spielberg of Schindler's List came from, look no further than this underappreciated gem - the first real sign that he was more than just a generator of warm fuzzies.	Good-looking but hollow.	Spielberg has dreamed of flying before, and this time he earns his wings.	Spielberg knows how to tell a story and this one is worth telling.	One of Steven Spielberg's most ambitious efforts of the 1980s, Empire of the Sun remains an underrated gem in the director's distinguished filmography.
The setting's gloom seeps into the whole movie, making it feel longer and draggier than it is.	A gangster film that is elevated above that genre by the presence of Gandolfini, just as he pushed The Sopranos beyond, well, everything that came before.	It's a slow burn crime thriller that doesn't overstay its welcome and offers the audience a lot to think about without being too heavy-handed.	Watching Tom Hardy act in this film is, in a word, exhilarating.	Like Gandolfini, the deep Brooklyn of "The Drop" is formidable, bona fide and memorable.	There's no shortage of similarly themed crime dramas, but The Drop rises above the pack with a smartly written script and strong cast.
For the most part, BandSlam is a decent knockoff. The script is quippy and smart. Connell and Hudgens are both appealing.	A witty, touching, cleverly plotted film with excellent music and it made me feel for the first time in years that I'd like to be an American teenager.	The music is the movie's best feature, but even that's not much...	Finds just the right tone for its teen struggles and rites of passage, with wit that sometimes gives clichés a big ol' wedgie, and sometimes winds up on the receiving end.	Knowing that you know the drill, Bandslam leaves out most too-explanatory details, and lets the kids be kidlike rather than movie-kidlike.	Bandslam is an intelligent teen film that avoids teen film cliches, in an entertaining package of music and coming-of-age drama.
You will walk out feeling exhilarated, whether it will have finished or not will be a different matter altogether!	Weighted down with a new chassis of cliches.	Gone in 60 Seconds does have its moments, but they last about as long as the title implies.	A time-waster with some enjoyably empty zip.	You can spend just about all of this movie's long 119-minute running time in the lobby ... and still know what's going on.	Even though Oscar-bearers Nicolas Cage, Angelina Jolie, and Robert Duval came aboard for this project, the quality of Gone in 60 Seconds is disappointingly low. The plot line is nonsensical, and even the promised car-chase scenes are boring.
A jaw-dropping psychological thriller about the power of the human mind to bend and break reality.	Confirmed my suspicion that Alejandro Amenábar may be the most promising filmmaker under 30.	Well acted by a primarily young cast headed by Eduardo Noriega and possesses several particularly bold images that take good advantage of the qualities of the medium.	The first portion of the movie can't possibly prepare audiences for what turns out to be a series of inane plot contrivances, which help the movie end with a real thud.	Substantially better than its remake, 'Vanilla Sky'	Director Alejandro Amenábar tackles some heady issues with finesse and clarity in Open Your Eyes, a gripping exploration of existentialism and the human spirit.
It surprises by taking us inside Chinatown, where we discover just how sinister and elaborate the relationships between the police and the businessmen can be.	A half-hearted photograph of the real thing.	For some reason, American filmmakers have yet to figure out how to properly use Chow Yun-Fat.	The Corruptor proudly endorses every Asian stereotype in the book!	The film takes too long to get what little there is to start started and then never goes anywhere interesting.	This uninspiring cop thriller doesn't measure up to Chow Yun-Fat's Hong Kong work.
The movie bubbles with intellectual curiosity and narrative ambition. And for that I dig it, even if Leaves of Grass has the habit of swerving and sometimes lurching from tone to tone.	... through it all, the two performances by Edward Norton feel natural, relaxed, utterly unlike a gimmick.	It's not the violence itself that bothers me, it's just that it completely destroys the tone of the movie.	...a thoroughly independently minded movie that plays loose at putting across big ideas.	An identical twins comic crime drama goes seriously wrong.	Edward Norton delivers one of his finest performances in Leaves of Grass, but he's overpowered by the movie's many jarring tonal shifts.
You know that you're in trouble when audiences leave the theater talking about the supporting cast with nary a mention of the movie stars	It is a sweet and funny sitcom, but without an iota of originality.	The plot synopsis sounds less like sitcom than sick-com: A womanizer has the tables turned on him when he falls in love with, essentially, a prostitute whose services are being paid for by parents who don't have the decency to ask him to leave.	It's completely unbelievable.	Failure to Launch in a nutshell: constantly inching past your wildly low expectations.	The few comic gags sprinkled throughout the movie fail to spice up this formulaic rom-com.
It doesn't feel produced; it feels made.	If you do not know Aardman Animation, all you need to know is this: they are to stop-motion animation what Pixar is to computer-made cartoons.	It's fun, but it's too busy, too eager to amaze ... [unlike] Pixar's films, which are supported by patient character development and storytelling that moves us.	It's refreshing to be rescued by a bright little G-rated movie with a 24-carat heart.	Fans of Wallace and Gromit - and they are many and varied - will have a ball with The Curse of the Were-Rabbit.	The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a subtly touching and wonderfully eccentric adventure featuring Wallace and Gromit.
The film seethes with a sense of something more sinister at work around us, building to the point that you're not sure who's getting played and who isn't.	Driven by a plot that's so tightly wound, we cannot look away for wanting to know what will happen next and who is double-crossing whom.	Blackly cynical and highly watchable.	The kind of movie that seduces you into becoming putty in its manipulative card-sharking hands and making you enjoy being taken in by its shameless contrivance.	There's a lot of honour-among- thieves squabbling between Juan and Marcos, both of whom have excellent motivation to distrust the other, but the performances complement each other beautifully.	Deliciously twist-filled, Nine Queens is a clever and satisfying crime caper.
This vapid, laugh-lite romp won't satisfy anyone. Except die-hard Jessica Simpson fans.	refuses to go beyond shallow observations and silly slapstick, making for an ordinary outing when that should not be the case	The film is such humourless drivel it's depressing just to write about it.	it's simply too depressing that people sat in a boardroom, read this script and said, 'We're ready to go!'	Before his transformation for the love of Amy, hero Zack's motto was 'Why bother trying?' That seems to have been the filmmakers' mantra, too...a bland, formulaic rehash.	Employee of the Month features mediocre performances, few laughs, and a lack of satiric bite.
It would be hard to imagine a less necessary Holocaust picture than A Secret.	In Un Secret, French filmmaker Claude Miller expertly weaves together a family history, merging the personal and political, the celebratory and the tragic, while incorporating three distinct time periods.	A remarkable film with an unusual story.	Claude Miller's ravishingly shot drama gives up its titular mystery early, but there's plenty of cinematic intrigue well after what's covert in this complicated family story becomes overt.	Beautifully acted and exquisitely photographed, director Claude Miller's superb drama, from Philippe Grimbert's autobiographical novel, is awash with the ripples created by unlived lives.	A Secret is poignant, sad, and beautifully crafted, featuring fine performances that stave off a drift toward soap opera territory.
A smart, very assured film about interracial relations but also about racial misconceptions in general.	Spike Lee's disturbing film about the racial, gender, class, and social tensions in urban America.	It's all too much for Lee to handle. Jungle Fever is overlong, yet he hasn't found the screen time to give each of these people his or her reasons, and even the Snipes and Sciorra characters slip away from him.	Lee is in fine form.	Jungle Fever is so many graceful things, so many angry things, so many truly moving things that its occasional faults are the faults of excess passion, not failure of imagination.	Jungle Fever finds Spike Lee tackling timely sociopolitical themes in typically provocative style, even if the result is sometimes ambitious to a fault.
American Teen isn't as penetrating or obviously realistic as her On the Ropes, but Burstein (who won best director at Sundance 2008) has achieved an engrossing film.	Revealing, funny and involving.	By far the most shallow and inauthentic film that I have seen so far in 2008 and bear in mind, I have seen "Zombie Strippers."	[I]ntimate and incisive... a peek into the horrors of adolescence that most of us have tried to forget, and shouldn't...	The presence of a film crew may have encouraged drama.	American Teen skates some thin ice with its documentary ethics but, in the end, presents a charming and stylish (if packaged) tale.
The ambiguous fates awaiting Alejandro and Isamar are resonant and unforgettable.	Bahrani's willingness to expose the shameful reality of third-world conditions in the Land of Plenty while telling a crackling good story marks him as a filmmaker as important as he is accessible.	Skillfully evading bleakness and sentimentality, Chop Shop is a terrifically assured piece of filmmaking.	What you get in Chop Shop is a very good 12-year-old actor who simply cannot carry a 85-minute drama in which he is the center of every single scene.	It's exciting watching Bahrani explore the possibilities of neo-realism to dramatize penury and disenfranchisement among the service-class in this country.	Filled with excellent performances, Ramin Bahrani's deft sophomore effort is a heartfelt, hopeful neorealist look at the people who live in the gritty underbelly of New York City.
It's hard to imagine a more faithful retelling, in the religious sense, of the stories told in Luke and Matthew's New Testament, surrounding the events leading to the birth of Jesus. This is not necessarily a good thing, though.	In essence, the film is exactly what one comes to expect in the telling of the story. Hardwicke brings absolutely nothing to the table, except for a colorless palette. The actors struggle to invest what are essentially plaster saints with some verve, but	The pacing is so slow and the religious undertones so heavy that only Jesus himself could rise above the draining weight.	There is none of the anti-clerical, anti-establishment fury of Gibson's film; in their place is a simplicity and humble awe that has a very different appeal.	One of the greatest stories ever told has become one of the year's worst movies.	The Nativity Story is a dull retelling of a well-worn tale with the look and feel of a high-school production.
It's difficult to work up a strong case of the heebie-jeebies when you keep getting thrown out of the movie by all the atrocious acting.	The movie really moves at a breakneck pace and never really seems to slow down.	Tedious when it should be tight and borderline silly when it should be freezing one's spine.	How did Fincher - a director who is very good at supplying thrills to thrillers, whatever his other strengths or limitations might be - end up shepherding such a leaden film?	It confirms Fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight.	Elevated by Fincher's directorial talent and Foster's performance, Panic Room is a well-crafted, above-average thriller.
Its empathy and artful way of conveying honest observation struck a chord with me...	It's the perfect film to force on a teenager after his or her first break-up, a lesson in How Not To Be In Love.	There's not an extraneous scene, and even the smallest moments - such as when Jacob goes to a London pub with Anna and stands around awkwardly - are ripe with meaning.	Every time the two of them threaten to have a conversation, Doremus takes a page from Team America: World Police and goes all "You Need a Montage!"	Ethereal, sometimes exasperating - an impulsive, impressionistic romance.	It has the schmaltzy trappings of my romantic films, but Like Crazy allows its characters to express themselves beyond dialogue, crafting a true, intimate study.
Perry clearly knows what his fans like, and he gives it to them -- by the shovelful. But for those not so tuned to his talents, Madea Goes to Jail is two excruciating hours of hard time.	Crowd-pleasing African-American filmmaker Tyler Perry has been heralded as an entrepreneur, a populist, and an expert on the wants of female audiences, but none of that would have been possible if he weren't also an expert drag performer.	Perry's silly beyond 'belief' born again bully pulpit is thankfully upstaged by his former plus size stripper bully protagonist. But the big treat is anger shrink sessions with Dr. Phil, no less, though Madea/Perry's gender grudges get a pass.	A tedious melodrama stuck on top of shrill comedy, and the two parts are both the worse off for the combination.	A half-silly/half-moralistic story about how it is never too late to turn things around, "Madea Goes to Jail" is as wispy as whipped cream, but also as easy to consume.	Divided between sincere melodrama and populist comedy, Madea Goes to Jail fails to provide enough laughs -- or screen time -- for its titular heroine.
True to the artist's vision.	The film lacks soul and no amount of floor scrubbing minutiae is going to give you that.	An oblique and softly realized film that sneaks up on you with bleak inevitability and luminous awakenings.	A gaffer's wet dream, but I do not think that screenwriter Olivia Hetreed actually read the novel that was to be the basis for her first feature film.	It's meant to deliver conflict and characters, motivation and crisis. Instead it delivers period details, pretty scenery, interesting landscapes and elegant still lifes.	Visually arresting, but the story could be told with a bit more energy.
Did writer-director Paul Weitz think that U.S. audiences would be too dumb to appreciate actual satire?	Even when Dreamz was clicking, I couldn't help wondering what a more ruthless filmmaker like Alexander Payne (Election) or even Christopher Guest (Waiting for Guffman) might have done with this material.	American Dreamz, writer-director Paul Weitz's parody of both American Idol and the American presidency, is filled with dead-on detail, sharp dialogue and reasons to laugh out loud.	American Dreamz pulls off that rare feat of shooting at dozens of big targets, and hitting so many of them that we want to stand up and cheer because someone even tried.	Not everything works in this semi-audacious challenge to the American Dream, but Weitz consistently and amusingly hits the broad side of the barn.	This overly silly satire aims at too many targets with arrows too dull to make relevant social commentary.
Any film that trashes the talent of Carrie Fisher is a loser in my book and this one stomps up and down on her talent. Don't worry Carrie, I still remember Leia.	Typical slasher film packed with boobs, boys, booze and blood. Go into Sorority Row with your brain on cruise control and just enjoy the movie for what it is: a gore party.	A fairly traditional collegiate slasher that entertains but breaks no new ground.	Call me the sarcastic sister, but the only thing screaming in any convincing way here are the cheap look, epileptic direction, and off-key, "edgy" humor.	Before seeing Sorority Row, I couldn't imagine that any slasher film released this year could possibly be more misogynistic than either the Friday the 13th reboot or Donkey Punch.	Though it's slick and stylish, Sorority Row offers nothing new to the slasher genre and misses the mark both in its attempts at humor and thrills.
Less like watching paint dry than like watching it sit on the wall and stay wet.	An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St.Petersburg's Hermitage Museum.	Writer/ director Aleksandr Sokurov has made a film that is unique and so visionary that it is impossible not to applaud his efforts, whether you like the film or not.	It's a film, certainly, but also an experiment in human precision, a vast theatrical production, a history lesson, an art appreciation class ...	Sokurov's work here is impressive and says something interesting about how nice it might be to go back in history to simpler times.	As successful as it is ambitious, Russian Ark condenses three centuries of Russian history into a single, uninterrupted, 87-minute take.
Sebastián Gutiérrez joins the ranks of directors who have employed their wives or loved ones as sex objects in their pictures. Unfortunately, he has none of the talent of a Jean-Luc Godard or even a Brian De Palma.	A porn star's midlife crisis makes for a limp story in "Elektra Luxx."	"Elektra Luxx'' needs a star whose secret weapon is that she only looks and sounds as dumb as people think she is. It needs Melanie Griffith.	The intended colorful irreverence looks a lot like standard indie quirk.	'Elektra'-fying!	A bizarre sex comedy full of meandering subplots, some occasional wit, and, unfortunately, not a whole lot of funny jokes.
Do yourself a favor and don't tarnish the original "Ring" by seeing this sequel.	Hardly running rings around the American original, this one is just a bottomless well of cliches.	Weird horror isn't as rewarding as scary or creepy, and The Ring Two is definitely one of the bigger disappointments of late.	Just about as bad as the first film was. If anything, it's a little stupider.	This movie is nothing more than a big number two.	Ring Two serves up horror cliches, and not even Hideo Nakata, the director of the movies from which this one is based, can save the movie from a dull screenplay full of absurdities.
A bold mix of "The Craft" and "Akira"...	The movie has to cheat every now and then to cover the story more fully (who has edited all this found footage together so perfectly?), but thank God it does because the film is richer for it.	Another one of those cheaply made shaky hand-held camera found-footage flicks.	Only works as long as you're willing to overlook some of the obvious discrepancies in the use of its format and feel it's a story worth telling regardless.	A lot darker and disturbing than you might expect, Chronicle is a consistently watchable, assured debut, which largely overcomes the problems of its (now long past its sell-by date) format.	Chronicle transcends its found-footage gimmick with a smart script, fast-paced direction, and engaging performances from the young cast.
The stars have no edge to their performances and Worst never comes close to becoming 'best.'	Mildly amusing, if unusually stuffy.	An uninvolving bore -- a caper comedy that replaces humor and cleverness with tedium and stupidity.	I'd rather watch a forgotten houseplant dehydrate and die.	Full of one liners that seem to be more at home in a stand up routine than on the big screen.	Talented cast is squandered by an uninvolving script filled with unfunny gags.
It's frightening yet fascinating.	The best Alfred Hitchcock movie made since Alfred Hitchcock died.	Even before its release, The Talented Mr. Ripley has attracted some mighty serious analytic attention.	This a stunner of a thriller, both mature in its writing, also by Minghella, and provocative in its inclinations and plot twists.	The Talented Mr. Ripley is lovely wrapping without much to say.	With Matt Damon's unsettling performance offering a darkly twisted counterpoint to Anthony Minghella's glossy direction, The Talented Mr. Ripley is a suspense thriller that lingers.
One of the most beautiful period films in recent memory, made with no pretension or overstatement to tell a deeply personal story.	The story sometimes slips into soapy territory, but when you think the schmaltz is going to ruin it, Yamada gives it just enough of a twist to make you realize this is not your regular romantic film.	The Twilight Samurai is one action movie older movie audiences should love as much as younger ones.	Seeing this samurai brave the challenges of childrearing and twilight duels is truly an honor.	The film creeps into your affections with admirable stealth.	Samurai epic as a touching drama.
Mr. Efron's athletic grace is Astaire-like in its casual authority. Ms. Hudgens's blissful smiles melt the screen.	You're not going to this movie for the story or for any reason other than the singing and dancing. It's filled with them, and it is a lot of fun.	HSM3 is now about indoctrinating a captive audience to buy hype and follow consumerist routine. It might make millions, but it's a betrayal.	Musical 3 is frustratingly shallow, but what it lacks in narrative ambition, it makes up for in dazzling choreography.	For all its unforgivable blandness, High School Musical opens young audiences to the charms of this most transporting of movie genres.	It won't win many converts, but High School Musical 3 is bright, energetic, and well-crafted.
You can almost hear this movie ticking off its predecessor's ingredients.	Did the writer lack opposable thumbs? Was this edited with a machete? Do the filmmakers hate women?	Beautifully sprawling and terrifically funny... it encapsulates the raw, careening energy and mirth of adolescence.	Young moviegoers who think Risky Business is old business should find the new model provocatively entertaining.	If there were John Hughes movies (the good ones from the mid-'80s) being made today, they'd be like this.	The movie borrows heavily from Risky Business, though Hirsch and Cuthbert are appealing leads.
It bears several of Wheatley's stylstic trademarks - dry, sardonically witty dialogue; stomach-churning violence; and a painterly eye for the English countryside - but achieves something quite different from his first three features.	a bizarre and challenging odyssey that showcases Ben Wheatley's undeniable talent even as it undoubtedly polarizes even the filmmaker's hardcore fans.	With some semblance of coherence among the [psychedelic] imagery, A Field In England might have been something special.	Some of the trippiest black and white imagery you'll have seen on the big screen for a long time.	It's about shifting power games, mostly, and suggests a period film made by Samuel Beckett in one of his more playful moods.	Recklessly assembled and occasionally compelling in spite of itself, A Field in England showcases a singularly brilliant voice in British cinema.
By the end, when everyone should be rooting for Crystal and Ryan to get together, the whole enterprise has long since soured.	...consistently funny, with writing of the 'In a city of 8 million people, I have to run into my ex-wife!' calibre.	When Harry Met Sally is funny and likable, but it will be a torture chamber for anxious singles.	The writing and direction plays with the [romantic comedy] form and your expectations alike throughout, and with such good performances the film makes for a deliciously prickly ride with laugh-out-loud moments and scenes that resonate through the story.	If you love vintage Woody Allen, you'll like the nouveau Rob Reiner.	Rob Reiner's touching, funny film set a new standard for romantic comedies, and he was ably abetted by the sharp interplay between Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan.
It's predictable in many places and acerbic in others, sentimental when you expect it and poignant when you don't. But it stars Lily Tomlin, and that's all you really need to know.	Grandma is more benchmark than Hallmark.	This is an entertaining, affecting movie about mothers, daughters, lovers, and the choices we make and how they shape us and others.	Weitz wisely has no time for fluff - these are clever women charting tricky territory and spending 78 minutes in their company is an easy choice to make.	Not what you'd call a well-made movie, but at least it has the good sense to let Lily Tomlin run wild for ninety minutes or so.	Boasting a stellar performance from Lily Tomlin and some powerfully empathetic work from writer-director Paul Weitz, Grandma is a dramedy that shouldn't have to ask you to visit.
Among a strong cast, Lansbury is wonderfully wicked as Shaw's despicable mother.	One of the finest Cold War thrillers ever made.	even when taken out of its historic context, this film is a thought-provoking piece of quality filmmaking	With spry editing and camerawork, [Frankenheimer] fuses together a documentary-like realism and more expressive stylizations to create a hybrid thriller-satire	The Manchurian Candidate, a total flop in its own time, has become a prescient standard-bearer of paranoia and political intrigue.	A classic blend of satire and political thriller that was uncomfortably prescient in its own time, The Manchurian Candidate remains distressingly relevant today.
...funny, sharp, and breathlessly paced, and is one of the few films this year that are worth the exuberant price of a current 3D ticket. Bring on X-men: Apocalypse.	A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.	In the end, it's the cast that makes the movie so compelling and prevents it from being another noisy action-fest.	Now *this* is how you make a summer tentpole movie..This mingling of X-Men past and present, young and old, is the best outing of the series to date, its themes front and center...its life and death mission cut with character driven comedy.	It's like discovering your box of Milk Duds is really chocolate-covered vitamins.	X-Men: Days of Future Past combines the best elements of the series to produce a satisfyingly fast-paced outing that ranks among the franchise's finest installments.
No war movie is truly an anti-war movie, but PLATOON comes close, and it's still as powerful as it was decades ago.	There are images in Platoon so powerful that they seem, rather than simply imprinted on celluloid, to have been burned into memory.	Stone's eye-blistering images possess an awesome power, which sets the senses reeling and leaves the mind disturbed.	Precisely because Stone forces you to experience a grunt's tunnel vision and rage, Platoon is a film of inspiring empathy and awesome force. Curiously, that same tunnelvision in the end compromises Platoon.	Platoon is not the definitive Vietnam statement that Stone may have intended, or that others are already claiming it to be. But it is a powerful document about that sad war, and a riveting piece of moviemaking.	Informed by director Oliver Stone's personal experiences in Vietnam, Platoon forgoes easy sermonizing in favor of a harrowing, ground-level view of war, bolstered by no-holds-barred performances from Charlie Sheen and Willem Dafoe.
Sigismondi appears less concerned with factual accuracy and compelling storytelling, whether she's addressing the band's swaggering music or Currie's bisexual proclivities.	From the very first moment of The Runaways when a drop of blood hits the pavement, director/writer Floria Sigismondi makes it abundantly clear that her film is not going to be some cute and cuddly coming-of-age story.	There's a wham, bam, thank you, man, quality to this music biopic that makes it a pleasurable rock rush that's easy on the eye, even if it fails to do much more than skate the surface of the band of its title.	The Runaways is let down by its inability to decide where the story ends, but it will doubtless resonate with anyone who ever dreamed of quitting school to become a rock star.	Dakota Fanning's pre-teen innocent appearance contributes greatly to the captivating nature of her metamorphosis into rock diva in The Runaways.	Viewers expecting an in-depth biopic will be disappointed, but The Runaways is as electric as the band's music, largely thanks to strong performances from Michael Shannon, Dakota Fanning, and Kristen Stewart.
A sweet and warm comedy that always brings its focus back to the laughs even when dealing with very real and serious relationship issues.	You could write this one in your sleep.	100 minutes of dirty-diaper gags, baby puke, unfunny squabbling, and the inevitable dénouement.	While set-ups for rom-coms are usually all too predictable, this one's never been done before. Inventive? Sort of. Believable? Not on your life. A shame, since the delightful leads deserved better.	It's enough to make me give up on Heigl.	Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel make a charming couple with plenty of chemistry, but that isn't enough to make up for Life as We Know It's formulaic plot and poorly written script.
This is a bright movie, in both senses of the word.	Scarfe's pointed faces are smoothed out to a drab degree, yet not so they become characters as warm as Disney is capable of.	[An] insipid, lifeless, animated feature.	At the end of the day, it's Woods and DeVito who give "Hercules" its strength.	One of the best of the modern Disney animation efforts to date.	Fast-paced and packed with dozens of pop culture references, Hercules might not measure up with the true classics of the Disney pantheon, but it's still plenty of fun.
Well observed and very well acted, it's a shame the end feels like a cop-out.	...still had me guessing at the final fade, which is something I can't say about any other Hollywood comedy so far this year, and something I wish I could say more often.	a highly entertaining, even somewhat moving comedy	The comedy works, in large part, because it is void of a mean-spirited tone, and Cyrus never passes judgment on either John or Cyrus.	a sweet, modest, unremarkable film, propped up by seasoned actors playing quirky and "real."	While it may strike some viewers as slight, Cyrus is a successful hybrid of mainstream production values and the mumblecore ideals of directors Jay and Mark Duplass.
Children will probably enjoy Ice Age 3, but adults may find the script a little over-sophisticated, not to say conflicted in its attitudes towards women.	Not bad, not good.	...the dinosaurs, especially mama T-Rex rival anything you'd find in "Jurassic Park."	There's no breathing life into a formula that ought to have bowed out gracefully while the going was good.	A slightly more adventurous story breaks the trequel curse: this film is actually better than its predecessors. In addition to astoundingly eye-catching animation, this one also has a driving (albeit corny) narrative and some snappy new characters.	Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs boasts some excellent animation -- in particular, the dinosaurs are wonderfully realized -- but its story is tired and monotonous.
A rarity: a humane picture about modern romance among believable adults.	As long as Dogme filmmakers continue to exercise this brand of thoughtful, intelligent filmmaking the movement is in safe hands.	Italian for Beginners is far from groundbreaking, but the ascetic Dogme aesthetic proves surprisingly appropriate to the romantic genre.	In Italian for Beginners, Scherfig has failed at making her story and characters seem ordinary while succeeding at making a very ordinary film.	There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected (and gentle) way.	Unlike many romantic comedies, the charming Italian for Beginners feels natural and genuinely heart-warming.
The movie is better at preaching the socializing influence of 'proper' activity than it is at getting fully involved with the beneficiaries.	In contrast to its great title, Mad Hot Ballroom is anything but: Let's just say I was not spellbound.	Director Marilyn Agrelo is able to capture with easy charm and grace what happens between 10- and 11-year-old boys and girls as they break out of their childhood shells and interact with each other.	Overpopulated and untidy but driven by a relentlessly sunny spirit...	Aside from being perfectly irresistible, the movie is also deeply inspiring, especially for children.	This heartwarming documentary will win audiences over, as the sheer charm of precocious, enthusiastic children learning to dance resonates from the screen.
For all its lighter-than-air aspirations, Jump Tomorrow lands hard.	The performances are extremely good, and the tone maintains a droll continuity throughout.	Though the lackadaisical style becomes tiresome after a while, the film is ultimately held together by star-in- the-making Adebimpe.	If you're in the mood for a quirky romantic comedy, skip America's Sweethearts and go see Jump Tomorrow instead.	The whole movie is diagrammed. It's a just-add-water trifle.	The light-hearted romantic comedy Jump Tomorrow charms with its whimsy and sweetness.
Because Fincher loves things to look amazing, he's got the latest version of whatever digital advance it is that allows you to graft the head of one actor onto the body of another.	a slow starter, and it never really speeds up into a thrilling film, save for one scene of war on the ocean. However, it's not meant to be fast-paced or riveted with action.	Don't expect this movie to make you feel cheerful. It's definitely a downer. I get gloomy just thinking about it.	It's a speculative and enthralling fantasy about what it would be like to age in reverse.	Button makes some powerful points about the precious commodities of love, happiness and time.	Curious Case of Benjamin Button is an epic fantasy tale with rich storytelling backed by fantastic performances.
Hesher himself [is] a mysterious, magnetic, repellent, and alluring figure... It's quite an astonishing performance by Joseph Gordon-Levitt.	Hesher is funny and off-kilter without being cloying, and Gordon-Levitt gives an appealingly unpredictable performance.	Beyond the fact that Hesher is a character to be despised instead of admired, Hesher is distanced from its characters and their situation in its apathy toward them.	Moviegoers will have to admit the movie is true to itself.	Like a knock-off of Chuck Palahniuk produced by people raised only on Sundance films, "Hesher" is a mess.	It has a dark sense of humor and a refreshing lack of sentimentality, but like its title character, Hesher isn't really interested in going anywhere.
People talk and talk about how Vegas works, and Scorsese's camera sprints to keep up. He's like an energetic tour guide making sure we understand everything.	An accomplished film that carries with it the unshakable feeling that we've seen it all before.	Garish, rhythmic and intoxicating.	The whole package is a riveting account and a well-told story.	Martin Scorsese is the most enthralling, intense and dedicated director working in film today. His thorough control of the filmmaking art is apparent on every level.	Impressive ambition and bravura performances from an outstanding cast help Casino pay off in spite of a familiar narrative that may strike some viewers as a safe bet for director Martin Scorsese.
Cut down from a four-hour documentary by Vasyukov, the result is a film lacking in catastrophic tragedies of any sort that holds you nonetheless with its raw view of lives spurning quotidian modern comforts with a vengeance.	A year in the wilderness with Werner Herzog as a guide is a unique film experience.	...we can feel Herzog connect to these men through his narration, especially when describing pure freedom as they go off into the wilderness.	Herzog's longing for the ideological purity in which these lives are lived, free of paperwork and bureaucracy, taxes and technology, drives the film, which lacks an overall story arc.	Vasyukov and Herzog are united in their fascination with the particulars of how to thrive in some of the harshest conditions on Earth.	Filled with breathtaking images of the foreboding Siberian countryside, Happy People: A Year in the Taiga is a fascinating look at an isolated society.
Anyone expecting a hard-hitting biography will be disappointed by Julian Schnabel's soft-edged, dreamy and relatively nonpolitical film.	Julian Schnabel has created an emotionally penetrating look at a poet living a marginalized existence...	Achieves a kind of visual poetry, rhapsodic and turbulent.	Enjoy Before Night Falls as a great movie, and as a celebration of one man's spiritual and artistic fortitude.	The cinematography is beautiful and clearly shows the director's artistic bent, but the storytelling is often disjointed. . . . Ultimately, Before Night Falls is more successful as a Javier Bardem showcase than a movie.	An impressionistic, fragmented look at Reinaldo Arenas, Before Night Falls' imagery manages to evoke a sense of the writer's artistry, and Bardem's strong performance holds the film together. Finally, a biopic done well.
... Sorrentino avoids the dreary conventions of the biopic in favor of a cheeky mix of music montages, dramatic re-enactments and hilariously deadpan takes ....	Il Divo is as showy as Gomorrah was spare, sometimes taking your breath away with its gutsy leaps of brilliance and sometimes acting like a bratty child desperate for attention.	If even Il Divo's wife claims not to know him, how can we?	So much half-digested information is expelled, so many key incidents skate by, that the effect is like being force-fed a history lesson you never wanted to sit through in the first place.	This is a spectacular film about corruption in high places, specifically as that relates to the political life of Giulio Andreotti, seven times prime minister of Italy and a senator for life.	While the web of corruption in this Italian political thriller can be hard for a non-native to follow, the visuals and the intrigue are compelling and thrilling in equal measure.
Allen weaves together the complex narrative strands with ease, punctuating the many variations on betrayal and love with three festive Thanksgiving dinners.	Hannah is a masterpiece, a triumph of aesthetic balances like nothing the writer-director achieved previously or since, and a pinnacle of American moviemaking.	Like many films in the Allen oeuvre, the plot plays second fiddle to the issues. Which is not to say there is no story. There is. But it's more a slice of life.	Achieves the kind of perfect balance that comes along maybe once in a filmmaker's career.	An unequivocal classic	Smart, tender, and funny in equal measure, Hannah and Her Sisters is one of Woody Allen's finest films.
Not as good or as hip as its predecessors, but the Muppet gang remains fairly charming.	The movie is breezily fun and every bit as entertaining as its predecessors.	Runs a close second to The Muppet Movie for pure Jim Henson magic.	...medium rare...	During the 94 minutes of this delightful movie, the Muppets graduate from college, hit New York, are parted and reunited minutes before curtain-up, with Kermit saved from amnesia by a right hook from Miss Piggy.	If it's not quite as sharp as The Muppet Movie, The Muppets Take Manhattan is still a smart, delightfully old-fashioned tale that follows the formula established by the first two movies -- a madcap adventure assisted by a huge group of human stars.
Filmmakers Henry Alex Rubin and Dana Adam Shapiro wisely chose a high-energy aesthetic to portray quadriplegic rugby (a.k.a. "Murderball") through the story of Mark Zupan and his American teammates battling for Paralympic gold.	It's an ode to the indomitable stubbornness of people, really, to pursue what gets them off, no matter what it takes.	It's a bit disorganized and deluged with topics for discussion, sure, but its grasp keeps up with its reach.	I don't know whether directors Henry Alex Rubin and Dan Adam Shapiro set out to show the jock mentality with such clarity, but that's precisely what their gripping movie does.	In less than an hour and a half, the athletes profiled in the documentary will frustrate you, amaze you, make you laugh and make you cry -- but you'll never feel sorry for them.	An entertaining and gripping documentary that shows being confined to a wheelchair doesn't mean the fun has to end.
Far too entertaining to be considered as the very worst film ever made.	Hardly The Remains of the Day, but some would claim it's more fun.	Not nearly as awful as everyone seems to think it is.	The ultimate cult flick.	Unintentionally one of the funniest movies ever made and actually worth the rental price for sheer, silly fun. Pay special attention to the less than authentic gravestones.	The epitome of so-bad-it's-good cinema, Plan 9 From Outer Space is an unintentionally hilarious sci-fi "thriller" from anti-genius Ed Wood that is justly celebrated for its staggering ineptitude.
No masterpiece, but it has a certain snappiness to it that is entertaining, at least.	This could have been a great movie, but, despite being a darn good yarn well told, the essential magic is somehow missing.	A well-rigged whodunit.	A tightly plotted mystery that often threatens to leave loose ends and them very cleverly ties them all together.	Director Alan J. Pakula, who cowrote the script with Frank Pierson, has done a reasonable job of compressing Turow's plot into a two-hour space. But the narrative skeleton is all that's left.	Thanks to an outstanding script, focused direction by Alan Pakula, and a riveting performance from Harrison Ford, Presumed Innocent is the kind of effective courtroom thriller most others aspire to be.
Eli Roth's Hostel: Part II is an authentic real-world creep show -- better, if anything, than its predecessor.	Hostel was garbage. Hostel: Part II is that same garbage moved over about a foot on the ground.	There are some grisly deaths gore hounds would approve of, but the focus is more on the motives of the murderous pervs and the inner workings of the snuff corporation.	Part II is vile, but it commits an even worse sin by being so aggressively boring and hilariously one-note.	Whereas the first film began as a college kid's wet dream and ended as a nightmare, Hostel: Part II is cloaked in a pall of dread and darkness from frame one. Even the lighter moments in the first act seem like taunting harbingers of doom.	Offering up more of the familiar sadism and gore, Hostel: Part II will surely thrill horror fans.
Makes you fall for its characters, then turns your stomach as they confront principles and try to maintain moral clarity, confronting Berlin Walls of their own psyches.	The Lives of Others is a powerful but quiet film, constructed of hidden thoughts and secret desires.	Like the omnipresent tentacles of East Germany's onetime secret police, The Lives of Others grips like a boa constrictor.	Brings the large and small betrayals of the doomed republic to paranoia-inducing life.	Announcing the arrival of an extremely gifted director, this is at once a fascinating political thriller and a touching human drama that chronicles the shattering impact of the Secret Police not only on its citizens but also on its own officers.	Unlike more traditional spy films, The Lives of Others doesn't sacrifice character for cloak and dagger chases, and the performances (notably that by the late Ulrich Muhe) stay with you.
Peirce seems to have researched her subject with grad-school-thesis intensity.	Bittersweet gender-bender tale features great performances.	One of the year's best American films!	Rather than being moved, you just feel sick.	The film is framed, too unquestioningly, as a transgender Rebel Without a Cause, with Brandon the martyred innocent who dies for her infatuations.	Hilary Swank's acclaimed performance pays fitting tribute to the tragic life of Brandon Teena.
There are laughs and lessons in this one for everyone, which is why it goes straight to the head of the class.	This is the best film of its kind since Amy Heckerling's Clueless.	It's not a classic, but it's an above-average and refreshingly smart teen comedy.	falls into the category of teen fare that's better than you'd expect	Saturday Night Live scribe Tina Fey can officially pat herself on the back.	Funnier and more smartly written than the average teen comedy.
This one isn't nearly as gut-wrenchingly awful as the first one -- the animation is better. But it's still so bad it hurts.	Contains some of the flattest, most nondescript animation ever to make it to the big screen, some of the least appealing animated characters ever and some of the most violent action to ever garner a G rating.	Certainly parents' wallets are the lighter for it.	I'm thinking of Pokemon 3 as How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Pokemon, or at Least Tolerate It.	Even little trainer's pet Pikachu appears to have seen it all before.	Critics say that the third Pokemon movie has a better plot than its two predecessors. This is not enough, however, to recommend it to those not already fans of the franchise.
I expected another short, simple kids' film with a few jokes and maybe a few loud noises to keep the children interested, but to my surprise, it ended up being much more than that.	It's perfectly harmless fun, that devolves by inches into perfectly harmless pablum.	The film, mirroring its anti-hero, settles on not being despicable by being just good enough.	This is an agreeable confection with a few soft spots.	Una cinta que le compite con mucha dignidad a las historias de Pixar. Una fábula bien producida, entretenida, divertida e ingeniosa. Una cinta para toda la familia.	Borrowing heavily (and intelligently) from Pixar and Looney Tunes, Despicable Me is a surprisingly thoughtful, family-friendly treat with a few surprises of its own.
Flowery meadows, wafting dandelion clocks, packs of baying wolves -- all are grist for the film's palette of beauty.	This Irish feature won't impress anyone with its character drawings, but the backgrounds remind us what stunning imagery once resulted from nothing more than a pen and all the time in the world.	Is so wonderfully accomplished that it can stand on its own alongside the Book of Kells as a magnificently beautiful work.	Kids weaned on Pixar may look down on Brendan, but as with Miyazaki, it's a parental duty to drag them along to this captivatingly original take on Old School animation.	No, this isn't a great film, but it is a unique visual experience.	Beautifully drawn and refreshingly calm, The Secret of Kells hearkens back to animation's golden age with an enchanting tale inspired by Irish mythology.
A groundbreaking gothic film whose creative camerawork and dark cinematography is still copied in the movies of today.	Most likely the first horror film to express something beyond simple chills and thrills.	Brilliant artistry.	Count Orlock, played by the hideous Max Schreck, creeps through Murnau's archetypal silent imagery with a mesmerising authority that retains a surprising amount of tension.	The movie's two main strengths are Max Schreck's compelling performance, as the eerily inhuman vampire, and Murnau's unparallelled ability to blend naturalistic and expressionistic elements.	One of the silent era's most influential masterpieces, Nosferatu's eerie, gothic feel -- and a chilling performance from Max Shrek as the vampire -- set the template for the horror films that followed.
.	Predictable, cardboard cut-out characters, but easy to digest. Sometime after a dense indie, we seek out this fluff.	Annapolis is more entertaining than any Navy recruitment ad ought to be.	Huard's flirty interplay with Ali is so pathetic I don't think Brad Pitt could even win over the girl with lines as bad as these.	A feel-gooder that works for the most part.	Stocked with leading men who look the part but lacking an iota of original plot, Annapolis is merely a watery shadow of superior seafaring military dramas.
You leave the theater feeling moved by a mother's courage, sickened by the crime and a little frustrated, wondering if this unquiet moment in our history will ever rest easy.	A painful reminder that reparations still need to be made for what whites have done to blacks in this country.	A testament to the power of film.	It seems all too easy nowadays to think this stuff is all ancient history...Beauchamp's bracing wake-up call shows otherwise.	The film is a shocking account of the deep-seated racism that existed in the South in the dawn of the civil rights movement.	Without sensationalism or flinching from the brutality of the crime, this documentary is an eye-opening call for justice.
A little piece of cinematic poetry.	A serio-comic drama of four women with intersecting lives makes subtle and effective use of magic realism.	An imaginative Israeli film about loneliness, missing persons, and the value of truly being present with others.	Light on its feet, deeply human, and fresh in style, this French-Israeli co-production serves up an engaging tale about a group of women struggling with daily life in contemporary Tel Aviv.	The fact that you care about each and every one of these people is testament to the filmmakers' understanding and abiding humanity.	Lyrical, well-crafted and inventive, Jellyfish smartly mixes comedy, drama and magic realism.
Mind those heat rays!	Definitely a sci-fi classic from the 1950s...great George Pal effects.	Too bad about the wooden cast, the tackily conventional romance, and a draggy religious message; but at least, given the time it was made, it isn't imbued with Cold War hysteria.	Well, it's not called a classic for nothing.	As the perfect crystallization of 50s ideology the film would be fascinating enough, but the special effects in this 1953 George Pal production also achieve a kind of dark, burnished apocalyptic beauty.	Though it's dated in spots, The War of the Worlds retains an unnerving power, updating H.G. Wells' classic sci-fi tale to the Cold War era and featuring some of the best special effects of any 1950s film.
Three Kings is a dark, zesty, live-wire action-adventure comedy.	There's a lot to like in 'Three Kings,' especially its unusual, high-rev style and its often bizarre sense of humor.	Go see it for the effects, action and treasure hunt story, but enjoy the intelligence, too.	Engages and enlightens.	Three Kings is a surprisingly engrossing and thought-provoking war movie.	Three Kings successfully blends elements of action, drama, and comedy into a thoughtful, exciting movie on the Gulf War.
The virtues of High Fidelity are that Rob owns up to his obvious shortcomings, and that Cusack's performance has a self-deprecating edge that muffles the pops and scratches of Rob's personality.	Created a doggedly faithful adaptation of Nick Hornby's cult-fave novel.	You'll laugh, you'll cringe in recognition, you'll go home and start recording a new tape.	In short, fans of the book will wince but overall smile, and those who wanted to read the book will enjoy even more.	As for Mr. Cusack, there's nothing potential about his stardom any more. He's the self-doubting, self-flagellating, self-ironic soul of "High Fidelity," and he's great.	The deft hand of director Stephen Frears and strong performances by the ensemble cast combine to tell an entertaining story with a rock-solid soundtrack.
The wait is over, and it was worth it.	The year's greatest adventure, and Jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate.	While some people think this surpasses the original, I don't. The storylines are fractured and geographically and narratively it's sometimes hard to figure out what's going on... but the positives are many.	It's a grand film, art masquerading as commercial enterprise, and the best film I've seen this year.	It's a thrilling three-hour epic that flies at a gallop, boasts the most impressive computer graphics yet created, and succeeds smashingly as grownup drama and kid-captivating fantasy.	The Two Towers balances spectacular action with emotional storytelling, leaving audiences both wholly satisfied and eager for the final chapter.
As writer, director and star, Beatty flails all over the screen, but he's also made the only recent political satire that draws blood.	Bulworth is Warren Beatty's most passionate work since Reds -- provocative, vulgar, heartfelt and pretty darn funny.	Bulworth plays like a cry of frustrated comic rage. It's about an archetypal character who increasingly seems to stand for our national mood: the guy who's fed up and isn't going to take it anymore.	one of the hardest-hitting and unblinkingly brave political satires to hit American screens since "Dr. Strangelove."	The movie's an aging white boy's idea of cutting-edge (and it's disappointing to see some other aging white boys in the press praising the film).	Star and director Beatty's ambitious take on race and politics in 20th-century America isn't perfect, but manages to provide more than its share of thought-provoking laughs.
Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya! Prepare to die!"	Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure	Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.	Mandy Patinkin, as Inigo Montoya, deserves special mention. Inigo is the one character in the film who contains real emotional depth, and Patinkin plumbs it.	Occasionally a bit too clever for its own good, but it's all so cheerful and has so many ingenious set-pieces that you can forgive it any excess.	A delightfully postmodern fairy tale, The Princess Bride is a deft, intelligent mix of swashbuckling, romance, and comedy that takes an age-old damsel-in-distress story and makes it fresh.
Let's hear it for stupendously dumb screen writing.	A lunkheaded, sorta gross-out comedy that manages to be likeable and funny.	An outrageous and imaginative summer comedy aimed primarily at young males, but it is often so funny that it may well connect to a broader audience.	The Animal is never more nor less than stupid, but stupid in ways that deliver goofiness rather than rampant humiliation.	Schneider and his collaborators throw one lemon after another at the screen without ever bothering to squeeze any comic juice from them.	While less offensive and more charming than recent gross-humored comedies, The Animal is still rather mediocre.
I'm not sure which will take longer to heal: the welt on Johnny Knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche.	A mix of hilarious stunts and idiotic pranks that still doesn't compare to what some of the cast members have done in other videos.	It goes without saying that much of this is pathologically puerile, relentlessly unedifying and in dubious taste, but there are more than enough compensating laugh-out-loud moments (for this viewer, at least).	Needs more crashes, fewer bodily fluids, and a shorter running time. while that first half is great, the thoroughly milked premise ultimately takes its toll, and the gross-out gags seem done more out of desperation	Witless, pointless, tasteless and idiotic.	There's a good chance you'll be laughing hysterically at one stunt, but getting grossed out by the next one in this big screen version of the controversial MTV show.
His playing is beautiful - he was a gifted concert pianist who gave up the stage at 50 to concentrate on teaching and composing. His stories are tremendous. And his voice, clear and strong, is magnetic.	Hawke's cinematic etude may not unlock all the mysteries of music, but "Seymour: An Introduction" is universal enough to be understood by a bananafish.	Octogenarian pianist Seymour Bernstein is the charming, inspirational subject of this appreciative, occasionally fawning documentary directed by the actor/novelist/filmmaker Ethan Hawke.	The director thinks we would enjoy meeting Bernstein ... Hawke is correct.	The film claims to be an introduction, but it's really a long series of conclusions.	Seymour Bernstein's genuineness shines so brightly in Seymour: An Introduction that viewers will forgive debuting director Ethan Hawke's reverent treatment.
Crammed with wild action, obvious but well-mounted gags, and playful effects, the film is refreshingly silly.	Chow brings the same kind of vibe to the screen as the Farrelly brothers.	This kind of boorish treatment is usually worthy of scorn, disrespectful of both the artist and the audience, but with a fizzy soccer comedy, the moves seem inspired.	Sometimes it's so goofy you want to slap it for foisting so many dud slapstick gags. And sometimes it's so intentionally goofy you have to laugh.	Here is a film where even the camera movements and editing are hilarious.	The plot is utterly ridiculous, and the soccer in the movie is unlike any ever played anywhere on Earth, but watching Shaolin Soccer, you will probably find it impossible to care.
Ainda que Browning martele sem a menor sutileza sua mensagem ao longo de toda a projeзгo, o filme continua a impressionar graзas ao seu elenco atнpico e ao incфmodo ato final.	Freaks is one of those legendary films, made all the more legendary by its ill-repute over the years.	Uniquely horrifying.	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer definitely has on its hands a picture that is out of the ordinary.	It's a truly amazing film, not so much horrific as it is funny, touching and extraordinary; you'd be hard-pressed to find another film like it.	Time has been kind to this horror legend: Freaks manages to frighten, shock, and even touch viewers in ways that contemporary viewers missed.
Lumet's latest film, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an unpleasant film with unpleasant characters. It would be easy to dismiss, if it weren't directed by maestro Sidney Lumet. But the movie is labored and repetitive.	...like being trapped in a closet with your greatest regrets.	The film's director, Sidney Lumet, is 83 but he hasn't lost his feel for bleak New York stories programmed to end in tears.	Amid this chaos, Sidney Lumet, fast approaching ninety and having directed some sixty feature films, assembles a controlled and steady mood of impending doom.	A triumphantly brisk, bleak B-movie.	A tense and effective thriller, Before the Devil Knows You're Dead marks a triumphant return to form for director Sidney Lumet.
It isn't pleasant to watch a talented filmmaker like John Carpenter willfully distort his personality to fit a commercial (read Spielbergian) profile, and only the opening suspense-horror sequences have the weight of real involvement.	The best special effects are in the first five minutes. Thereafter, it's all rather predictable.	Jeff Bridges as appealing alien; best for teens.	There is little that is original in Starman, but at least it has chosen good models.	Starman is more of a love story than a sci-fi movie. Take your girlfriend.	What initially begins as sci-fi transforms into a surprisingly sweet, offbeat drama, courtesy of John Carpenter's careful direction.
Unfunny scarcely covers it; Lee's ideas are cherry bombs indiscriminately thrown, and the resulting mess is arduous.	Spike Lee's back, with a vengeance.	Glover is remarkable. His performances are fiery and charismatic, and the internal conflicts he brings to the blackface act are visible both in his acting and dancing performances.	Provocative Spike Lee movie for older teens.	This film provokes thought, pressing buttons while it entertains.	Bamboozled is too heavy-handed in its satire and comes across as more messy and overwrought than biting.
Stand up and take notice, Oscar. We've finally found something for you to sink your golden teeth into.	You can enjoy the evil licking at Langella-as-Nixon's jowls, but you have to wonder if the glamorization is appropriate, particularly given most of our fellow Americans' dubious command of history.	Credit Frank Langella, playing the disgraced ex-President, and Michael Sheen, as the British celebrity interviewer, for giving credible performances despite Howard's seeming attempt to give the film a sheen of phoniness.	Ron Howard has made his best movie with Frost/Nixon, an electric political drama with a skin-prickling immediacy.	It manages to turn the process behind a talk show into a riveting thriller, even though most of us already think we know the outcome.	Frost/Nixon is weighty and eloquent; a cross between a boxing match and a ballet with Oscar worthy performances.
An entertaining sequel that will please the fans of the first one. [Full review in Spanish]	Pitch Perfect 2 is a summer sequel built on a foundation of bubble gum and big heart. This is a film that can be admired for its humility, humanity, and harmony.	It is an impressive feature directing debut, with Banks handling the high-octane chaos of "Pitch" with almost perfect aplomb.	Silly and sassy, going for slicker, sharper sequel sisterhood...	This is a rare comedy sequel that works, so let's hope they don't do a third.	Pitch Perfect 2 sings in sweet comedic harmony, even if it doesn't hit quite as many high notes as its predecessor.
Nixon's favorite movie, which proves he was blind to ambiguity as well as a few other things.	Scott appears not to act, but to fully inhabit his role, from his profanity spewing down to the swagger of his walk.	It's Scott's virtuoso performance that carries the film.	an intimate character portrait of a most enigmatic general	A spectacular and unvarnished look at a man who thrives in war while also sowing the seeds of his own downfall.	George C. Scott's sympathetic, unflinching portrayal of the titular general in this sprawling epic is as definitive as any performance in the history of American biopics.
Anchored by Friel and Williams's exceptional performances, the film's power lies in its complexity. Nothing is black and white.	Feels like a late-baby-boomer family album.	Approval and ultimate happiness are weighted so clearly in Holly's favor that the game's rigging becomes tiresome. But Williams and Friel throw themselves wholeheartedly into emotional fits of competitive sisterhood.	It's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom, and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive.	The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams, an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges.	At times ponderous, Me Without You is engaging due to the fine work by Williams and Friel.
Only Bong's project transcends its limiting, carefully calibrated stylistic mode to achieve something substantive.	Sandwiched between Gondry and Bong's variously euphoric entries, Carax's contribution seems either a work of deep cynicism from an inveterate party-pooper or a welcome satirical sour note from one of the great talents of 80s and 90s French cinema.	At its best, the movie is a stylish spin through the Tokyo universe, a play on the psychology and realities of one of the world's most urbanized societies	A collection of three films that try to capture the experience of living in that crowded Japanese city.	Mutants abound as each episode trips the light fantastic.	An imaginative, if uneven, love letter to a city that signals a great creative enterprise by its three contributing directors.
The movie, take it from me, is a lot more fun to sit through than to describe in a single sentence.	Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet's film leaves you overwhelmed and breathless.	As fascinating as it is weird. And it's rrrrreally weird.	Its content is wholly original.	This lunatic's take on the future of man is so delightfully warped that it's impossible to shake it out of your head and go get a decent night's sleep.	Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet deftly combines horror, sci-fi, and humor in Delicatessen, a morbid comedy set in a visually ravishing futuristic dystopia.
Sphere starts off as The Abyss, then turns into Event Horizon and finally turns out to be Forbidden Planet and Solaris.	You can't accuse the makers of Sphere of skimping on talent. If only they knew what to do with it.	Three major stars being involved, it all wraps up happily but implausibly.	Cool premise and eerie buildup from the first hour, ultimately downshifts into an unsatisfying film that drags long past its bedtime, and turns into a gobbledygook of psychological head games and illusions.	As the umpteenth entrant in the We-Are-Not-Alone sweepstakes, Sphere feels awfully familiar because it is.	Sphere features an A-level cast working with B-grade material, with a story seen previously in superior science-fiction films.
Luckily, the movie has Scott Thomas. She knows her radiance can't be helped, so she uses it here like a searchlight.	Makes a powerful impact thanks to the vividness and urgency of its historical scenes.	There is a great story here in young Sarah's plight of being torn from the bosom of her family and quest to rescue her young brother, but this is only one part of "Sarah's Key" that I like.	... tries too hard and fails in tying events of the past to Julia's present and the filmmakers have used some strange psychology in Sarah's adult decisions.	Worthy and tasteful but rarely convincing and increasingly dull, Sarah's Key should open the door on more closeted skeletons than it does.	Sarah's Key is an absorbing, impeccably-acted Holocaust drama with minor plot issues.
Innocence has all the other ingredients, too: a marvelous cast, a touching story, some lovely camera work (shot on location in South Australia and Belgium) and a palpable emotional connection between its characters and its audience.	Offers a brave take on love, fidelity and sexuality that often flies in the face of traditional, age-defined preconceptions of all.	Cox's own directorial style is innocent, in the sense of being original without ever straining for effect.	Holds appeal for more than just the geriatric set.	A film for the ages.	Not only does it break ground in presenting a rarely examined age group, Innocence is a well-acted, powerful story about love.
Are We There Yet? won't make your day, but it won't kill it either.	The longest, naggiest, car-sickiest travel with children is less tedious than this weak and dragged-out generic fluff.	Ridiculously trite but ultimately harmless.	Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'	We all saw the trailers and commercials, so we should have known better than to have high expectations.	This supposed family comedy staring the usually blameless Ice Cube and Nia Long has provoked most critics to write, "Is it over yet?"
Kung Fu Panda 2 puts the Po in Poignant	It all feels fresh and new again, and a closing scene makes it obvious a third movie is in the works. And I say, bring it on.	I guess my expectations may have been too high. I didn't want a silly KUNG FU PANDA 2, loaded with jokes. I was hoping it would be more like the first one.	Here's a rarity - the sequel that surpasses the original...The film's climatic battle is so grand, it appears to have been inspired by the epic Asian period film "Red Cliff."	It's tricky to change the thrust-and the tone-of a story in its second installment, but I think the creators of Kung Fu Panda 2 have pulled it off. The first movie was disarming as it introduced the unlikeliest of action heroes-an eternally...	The storyline arc may seem a tad familiar to fans of the original, but Kung Fu Panda 2 offers enough action, comedy, and visual sparkle to compensate.
Like Hitchcock, Kahn uses dry humor and keen observation of human character (and character flaws) to spin a compelling brand of menace.	Strange, scary, and atmospheric, with a delicious Claude Debussy score.	Its pace is altogether too measured, but ultimately pays off in broad Hitchcockian strokes	A sort of relationship thriller about the discomfort of living in one another's company - and also about the terror of being alone in the night.	Austere little thriller that works its way under your skin even before much of anything happens.	Red Lights is a taut, character-driven thriller, set against the debris-strewn battleground of a failing marriage.
The humor quotient is high, thanks to such scene-stealers as the duplicitous parrot Iago, the mischievous monkey Abu and, of course, Robin Williams' motormouth Genie.	Aladdin manages to be spectacular without seeming gratuitous or pretentious.	Robin Williams and animation were born for one another, and in Aladdin they finally meet.	Though the lead characters are, as usual, bland, they're compensated for by a cheeky, entertaining supporting cast.	Disney's last real masterpiece	A highly entertaining entry in Disney's renaissance era," Aladdin is beautifully drawn, with near-classic songs and a cast of scene-stealing characters.
Language barriers are the least of the problems in Spanglish.	Oh, those wacky white folks!	Brooks proves that American TV is alive and well in Hollywood. Narratively messy and technically shapeless, Spanglish feels like a pilot for crowd-pleasing TV soap	There are four or five different movies going on in Spanglish, and director James L. Brooks, unfortunately, doesn't tell any of them well.	Spanglish isn't [Brooks'] best work, but it's infused with humor and humanity.	Paz Vega shines, and Adam Sandler gives a performance of thoughtfulness and depth, but Spanglish is ultimately undermined by sitcommy plotting and unearned uplift.
America's loss of innocence as filtered through the eyes of an innocent -- that's the theme of this plodding, heavy-handed parable.	Forrest Gump has the elements of an emotionally gripping story. Yet it feels less like a romance than like a coffee-table book celebrating the magic of special effects.	The result is an enormously accomplished piece of sentimental glop.	Stupid is as stupid does, and this movie is, indeed, stupid.	Unashamedly sentimental, this is a technically triumphant tear-jerker.	Forrest Gump may be an overly sentimental film with a somewhat problematic message, but its sweetness and charm are usually enough to approximate true depth and grace.
Imagine John Woo directing a lush French period horror film with fight choreography from The Matrix's Woo-Ping Yuen, and you'll have a pretty good idea what to expect from Wolf.	With a few too many twists (and a lengthy running time), Wolf eventually loses its bite... and with it, your attention.	Pretentious and ridiculous.	If The Brotherhood of the Wolf has a reason for being, it may be only to prove that the French can make movies as silly, blood-soaked and overblown as the Americans.	Guaranteed to make you howl at the moon on your way out.	Brotherhood of the Wolf mixes its genres with little logic, but the end result is wildly entertaining.
What's to be admired is how fearlessly Edgerton embraces the dirt and grime oozing out of "The Square," manufacturing the guilt that's produced when information is withheld, when lies are tossed around, and when the best laid plans go awry.	The movie's protagonists (and all of its supporting characters) are reprehensible people, and Roberts' performance is fascinatingly uncharismatic, extinguishing any possibility of sympathy for his character even when the film gradually reveals his town to	The string-along, bad-to-worse nature of The Square affords a distinct, if sour, sort of satisfaction. Yet its construction is a thing of considerable soundness.	"The Square" is a masterfully conceived and executed neo-noir from a couple of promising newcomers who have very keen ideas about weaving suspense with thematic weight.	The Square is a solidly constructed thriller with some missing pieces at the center but vivid splashes of color outside the lines.	The Square may not quite live up to the modern noir classics that inspired it, but with twists and tension to spare, it comes admirably close.
Elephant is so contrived and minimalistic that it has the dramatic effect of a line drawing.	A film without any easy answers, or answers at all.	Uneven though he may be, Van Sant rivals Steven Soderbergh as the mad scientist of commercial filmmakers -- and the wildly polarizing Elephant is his most successful experiment to date.	Van Sant takes a detached perspective on the causes of this; he's more intent on showing, not analysing, and letting the audience make its own mind up.	Pseudo-important posturing without either original thought or the excitement of an unashamed exploitation movie.	The movie's spare and unconventional style will divide viewers.
What's true? What's not? Is it a Banksy fabrication, a knowing stunt satirising the art world? Tellingly, there's no director credit. Whatever the truth, it's an amusing, curious documentary.	Curious docu about street artists with some strong language.	That rarest of art documentaries, one that actually leaves viewers with a better sense of the gifted versus the phony. In several senses, Banksy has created a monster.	Is Banksy's film the next great thing in documentary filmmaking? Or are we all on the business end of an admittedly pretty good joke? You decide.	His film does not mark [Banksy] out as the new Spielberg. Yet it is funny, OK in technique and now and then spicily critical of the art world.	An amusing, engrossing look at underground art, Exit Through the Gift Shop entertains as it deflates the myths and hype surrounding its subjects.
Coriolanus has the earmarks of a passion project, to be certain, but it also has the hallmarks of an assured film from an actor who nonetheless clearly demonstrates he knows that it takes more than just the art of acting to create a work of cinematic art.	In this version of Coriolanus, the battlefield is bleakly urban. As Martius makes his way from one point of brutal violence to a next, as he presses forward during an early combat scene, he is daunting from every angle.	Shakespeare on a trip wire.	It's a qualified success...but what Fiennes the director does next could be even more intriguing.	Coriolanus is Shakespeare done right; Ralph Fiennes takes a play about Roman war and hubris and turns it into a violently charismatic pic.	Visceral and visually striking, Ralph Fiennes' Coriolanus proves Shakespeare can still be both electrifying and relevant in a modern context.
[C]ompared to City of God and the TV series [it's] disappointingly conventional...	Paulo Morelli directs capably, with a heavy dash of MTV-generation flair: hyper-saturated colors, close-ups of skin glittering with sweat, and a constant patter of gunfire that undergirds the soundtrack like a steady heartbeat.	Paulo Morelli mines old territory in yet another ode to Rio's vivid favelas.	The movie's power comes less from its contrived story than everything else: the stark setting, chaotic energy and authentic cast.	[One] plotline ends with a twist that doubtless felt more authentic in the halls of a film school than it would on the streets of Rio de Janeiro.	Brutal and unflinching, City of Men is both a harrowing look at Brazil's favela life, and a touching tale of youths rushed into adulthood.
The affable trajectory covers enough guffaws to balance out the flattest visuals this side of The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes	Absolutely filthy, but in an intelligent kind of way, "Superbad" storms onto the screen with chaos, profanity and hilarity.	High school virgins equipped with attitude and wit and resentment, they are, at the same time, kids who have no idea how to manage being high school virgins.	If Beaches was the ultimate chick flick, Superbad is one for all dudes, young and old.	The unrelenting Judd Apatow stamp on movie comedy continues with Superbad, which is recognizably in the same hilariously vulgar vein.	Deftly balancing vulgarity and sincerity while placing its protagonists in excessive situations, Superbad is an authentic take on friendship and the overarching awkwardness of the high school experience.
Moore is merely the best-oiled cog in this perpetual motion machine.	The Thatcher parody at the end is sublime. The rest, passable fun.	For Your Eyes Only keeps the James Bond tradition in good form.	It's the only Bond film where M didn't appear.	First-time director John Glen knows what's needed to create suspense...put the series' trademark wit, women, and song alongside the high-stakes adventure of a more brutal 007. [Blu-ray]	For Your Eyes Only trades in some of the outlandish Bond staples for a more sober outing, and the result is a satisfying adventure, albeit without some of the bombastic thrills fans may be looking for.
Young Everlyn Sampi, as the courageous Molly Craig, simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film.	There is value in bringing this dark passage in Australia's history to light.	Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small, personal film with an emotional wallop.	The movie is not as compelling as the story it's trying to tell, but it has some very powerful moments.	Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work.	Visually beautiful and well-acted, Rabbit-Proof Fence tells a compelling true-life story.
A dazzling fairy-tale adventure that evokes the studio's early 1990s refreshment of its animated output through an injection of Broadway talent.	Disney gets nearly everything right in this animated charmer: wit, warmth, a lovely voice cast and a real message of girl power.	Frozen succeeds because of its great story and its catchy musical numbers.	Uma obra emocionante, divertida e que comprova que as animaушes com o selo Disney continuam tсo inventivas e envolventes quanto na жpoca em que o velho Walt comandava o estЩdio.	Disney's return to animation greatness, plus that Idina Menzel can really sing.	Beautifully animated, smartly written, and stocked with singalong songs, Frozen adds another worthy entry to the Disney canon.
Kinetic, cynical, shallow, commercial and entertaining.	A movie of laughably bad proportions, shot with extensive graininess, and directed at an unforgivably slow pace.	Ultimately, Any Given Sunday will disappoint football fans and won't win any new converts to the game, and worse, is just a painful film to watch	A turbocharged and pungently enjoyable take on the sport.	Any Given Sunday makes a lot of noise, but to little effect.	Sometimes entertaining, but overall Any Given Sunday is a disappointment coming from Oliver Stone.
No original, Whiterspoon realizou a proeza de converter uma personagem irritante em uma figura carismática. Mas, desta vez, năo houve como evitar: Elle Woods é mesmo um porre.	Not only dull and unfunny, it's appalling, and darned near offensive in its vapidity.	It plays like a second episode of an ongoing series in which characters retrace familiar footsteps with far less interest and enthusiasm.	The film is a glorified sitcom, but Witherspoon takes it to another enchanted level.	While Legally Blonde 2 is bearable in a way that busier and more ambitious unfunny recent comedies like Hollywood Homicide and Alex and Emma are not, it has almost none of the ditsy charm of the original.	This blonde joke is less funny the second time around.
There's nothing here that you haven't seen before or has been pulled off better in some of the actor's earlier and far superior work.	Compared to Traffic and Spy Games, films that deal with similar themes, this is mediocre movie-making ... The studio should not have released this film.	Age, and a steady diet of Republican conservatism, has mellowed the once lethal action figure to a Richard Dean Anderson-level of hero.	The question remains whether Americans are ready for a film whose plot hits so close to home. The answer: Americans are always ready for mindless, predictable crap.	"Collateral Damage" may seem slightly more relevant today, but in the end, an average action movie is an average action movie.	Despite its timely subject matter, Collateral Damage is an unexceptional and formulaic action thriller.
The action rarely falters, and at its best the film offers an intriguing slice of neo-Hitchcock.	Exciting but frequently incomprehensible.	Taught spy yarn for its time; Redford as always watchable.	Both entertaining and very intelligent thriller.	The film still makes a dandy suspense yarn, with plenty of twists and turns.	This post-Watergate thriller captures the paranoid tenor of the times, thanks to Syndey Pollack's taut direction and excellent performances from Robert Redford and Faye Dunaway.
Considerable shades of The Full Monty crossed with Brassed Off, all laced with a refreshing degree of sexual honesty and some brilliant one-liners.	Even if you cannot abide Pride's simplistic politics, or its synth-pop soundtrack, it's a stirring enough conclusion. You'll laugh, as they say. You'll cry.	Guilty of sanitising the struggles to which it pays its respects.	Within its limits, it's tremendously perceptive and warm and good-humored.	The kind of hearty, blunt-force drama with softened edges that leaves audiences applauding and teary-eyed.	Earnest without being didactic and uplifting without stooping to sentimentality, Pride is a joyous crowd-pleaser that genuinely works.
Though Meadows makes a lot of it, he mucks it up before it's over.	Considine hawks a striking cipher, an avenging angel whose metaphysical communion with otherworldly energies is echoed in the film's unhinged, stewy surface.	Atuaушes formidрveis (especialmente de Considine) em um filme moralmente ambьguo que, ao mesmo tempo em que funciona como maravilhosa releitura de Carter, o Vingador, analisa a natureza retroalimentadora da violЖncia.	Despite some hints at conscience and humanity, Dead Man's Shoes is a typical slasher film at the core.	Meadows ... very slowly builds to a powerful climax for this arty cross between Straw Dogs and First Blood.	Though enhanced by cramped, gritty camerawork, this unsettling look at violence and revenge lacks the provocative edge needed to give it a substantial kick.
The Hitcher is a cautionary tale about the perils of giving strangers a lift, much like Alligator is a warning against flushing your pet reptile down the toilet.	[Grace, played by Sophia Bush] can't go six blocks without having to pee, and we're supposed to believe she knows how to fire a Colt 45 and a shotgun?	... about all the movie is effective at is insulting the audience.	This is not a thinking-man's thriller, but it has the shock appeal of a severed head on a davenport.	She's also a little too convincing when she asserts at last, "I don't feel anything." If Grace hasn't been here before, you most certainly have.	Sean Bean tries giving motive and emotion to the hitcher, but director Dave Meyers is more interested in cheap shocks, and gratuitious gore and torture.
It is an affecting teen melodrama haunted by twisted treehouse memories.	Nicely acted but excessively bland.	It's a rites-of-passage drama with the kind of period small-town setting that the director is making his own.	A powerful, moving picture....Di Caprio and De Niro are a solid combination	An indisputably great actor is inching toward the black hole of self-parody.	A harrowing, moving drama about a young boy, his single mother, and his abusive stepfather, This Boy's Life benefits from its terrific cast, and features a breakout performance from a young Leonardo DiCaprio.
A silly if sporadically jolting thriller.	Easily the dumbest thriller to be released since last month's Taking Lives.	Not just a bad thriller but also a thing of pain.	a series of ludicrous scientific explanations offset by cheap jolts to our nervous system.	Takes potentially interesting material and turns it into sleazy genre trash.	A murky thriller with few chills, Godsend is features ludicrous dialogue, by-the-numbers plotting, and an excess of cheap shocks.
I know this world of trying to find a job after college. I tried my hand at entertainment journalism, which is crazy. This movie does not represent the humor in the job search. It was laughable what's out there and what I didn't get.	A joyless fluffball about after-college job woes with a dispiriting message for smart young women.	Ho-hum stuff.	Post Grad - 'Gilmore Girl' gone mild	The level of humour is summed up by the scene where a dead cat is buried in a pizza box.	A lightweight, unambitious comedy, Post Grad features fine actors that can do little with its middling, uninspiring script.
Somewhere, Jeffrey Lyons is rolling on the floor laughing.	Kinky Boots shoehorns what should be a fresh story into the same old pair of narrative galoshes.	Kinky Boots has a message (as Lola puts it, 'Change your mind about someone'), but its characters don't seem guided by the movie's desire to teach us something.	It's cine-spirit not too far from Strictly Ballroom, Kinky Boots is a well crafted comedy that wears a solid pair of dramatic shoes to take us down the road to an entertainment with something to say.	Even if its premise weren't so achingly familiar, the bland humor and oddly conservative depiction of this flamboyant drag queen would still make it seem like a museum piece.	Kinky Boots relies heavily on the Full Monty formula of Britcoms, while playing it too safe in a desperate attempt not to offend. Ejiofor's performance is its redeeming virtue.
Put to the sequel litmus test, queasily spectacular Vengeance would only rate a footnote without a strong original to exploit -- or a protracted telephone-terrorist subplot to steal from Dirty Harry 1.	The action, albeit spectacular, is rather predictable and the film nearly collapses in the finale.	There's little wit or originality on offer, just the familiar escalation of car chases and big bangs.	With A Vengeance ask[s] more than your suspension of disbelief. It assumes your a gibbering idiot.	Who would have thought that the Die Hard series would sputter down to this sad, empty little film?	Die Hard 3: With a Vengeance gets off to a fast start and benefits from Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson's barbed interplay, but clatters to a bombastic finish in a vain effort to cover for an overall lack of fresh ideas.
If the critics overrate this one, it's only because it looks so damned good in contrast to the rest of what's out there.	Curtis Hanson's resplendently wicked L.A. Confidential is a tough, gorgeous, vastly entertaining throwback to the Hollywood that did things right.	This is the rare film that displays a perfect sense of star power, and how it plays to an audience.	You could call it a huge epic, but it's also a scrappy movie, full of energy as well as style.	A hard-boiled cops and crime story that is at once viscerally entertaining and intellectually satisfying.	Taut pacing, brilliantly dense writing and Oscar-worthy acting combine to produce a smart, popcorn-friendly thrill ride.
This is a genuine delight, a smart film without so much of the CG filler these movies can often contain.	What makes "The Winter Soldier" so enjoyable ... and what will make it so profitable, is its emotional bandwidth-all the vivid, nuanced life lived by its characters in between their frenzied escapades.	A solid example of meat-and-potatoes popcorn filmmaking--befitting that most meat-and-potatoes of comic book heroes.	Despite all its flaws, 'The Winter Soldier' is never less than marginally watchable, even occasionally exciting. But you crave a more vibrant sense of humor.	The plotting is purposeful and the writing tidy.	Suspenseful and politically astute, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a superior entry in the Avengers canon and is sure to thrill Marvel diehards.
Taking a moral approach and avoiding the political, director Leigh shows the absurd injustice of abortion laws.	The title heroine's goodness may stretch credulity, but such people do in fact exist.	A must-see for anyone who likes challenging dramatic fare.	The writer-director and his talented cast deliver a devastating social message, rooted in economic realities and full of quiet but acute character observation.	There are few topics that generate more controversy than abortion, yet Mike Leigh's film seems wholly uninterested in courting debate.	With a piercingly powerful performance by Imelda Staunton, Vera Drake brings teeming humanity to the controversial subject of abortion.
The film plays out like any pulp detective story, the clueless mom in the 'pin's house is really disconcerting, but as a minor action flick, it does what it's supposed to.	A richly textured and abstract teen thriller.	If John Hughes had directed The Maltese Falcon instead of John Huston, it might have looked an awful lot like this.	A gritty, knotty high school-detective story that casts a long noir shadow.	If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, does that apply when an idea is taken, massacred, and awkwardly plopped in a high school setting?	This entertaining homage to noirs past has been slickly and compellingly updated to a contemporary high school setting.
The first major motion picture to come out of Congo in decades happens to be one of the best neonoirs from anywhere in recent memory.	Worth checking out just based on the rarity of a movie with an empathetic black protagonist even being made about the Congo. The un-Tarzan!	Meet Riva (the spectacular Patsha Bay), a man who thrives on scarcity: he smuggles gas, and has recently come upon a mother lode-which becomes, of course, a powder keg.	A brutally energetic crime movie from the Congo.	"Viva Riva!" has its cake and eats it, too. Shoots it to pieces, actually.	Vibrant and violent, Viva Riva is a stylish, fast-paced crime drama.
Glengarry Glen Ross is interesting to watch like well-performed gymnastics but it never really connects.	The performers achieve a true ensemble rhythm; at times, the entire office seems like a single, shouting organism.	A sharp look at the surreal world of real estate sales.	As an expression of a great script, it really can't be beat.	Foley is as adept at managing this intensely psychodramatic material as he is handling an ensemble cast with the combined power of a runaway locomotive.	This adaptation of David Mamet's play is every bit as compelling and witty as its source material, thanks in large part to a clever script and a bevy of powerhouse actors.
The hooded phantom who keeps popping up to shove passengers onto the tracks is the only figure in Kontroll with even a semblance of purpose.	Debut writer-director Nimrуd Antal uses the anti-hero Bulcsъ (Sбndor Csбnyi) as an effective symbol of repressed rebellion.	Like Pen-ek Ratanaruang's Last Life in the Universe, Kontroll is another "chill out" production that's alternately lovely and sinister.	It's not a perfect film by any means, but it certainly succeeds quite well in telling its tale with enough charm and gore to keep thing interesting.	Treads some of the same territory as Fight Club, but it is a much more cohesive, darkly funny experience than its unconvincing Hollywood predecessor.	Kontroll is a smart thriller that's dark, gritty, and funny.
The Conspirator conveys the heaviness of its story and its setting -- a torn nation desperate to heal the lingering wounds on both sides after the close of the Civil War.	Redford stages it in the blandest way possible, with history-textbook dialogue spouted by a cast of talented but wasted actors.	There's plenty of drama to draw upon, and the steady Redford is wise to let the action unfold smoothly, teased out in testimony and flashbacks.	A talky and often-stodgy film that will please history buffs but leave ordinary viewers a touch cold.	[A] well-meaning, misbegotten movie.	The Conspirator is well cast and tells a worthy story, but many viewers will lack the patience for Redford's deliberate, stagebound approach.
The most brilliant and exhilarating film of the year.	The sort of enigmatic movie that many critics embrace because it's open to endless interpretation ...	Mystifying and emotion-stirring, it demands that you bring yourself	...this is a fascinating film experience where you never quite know what's coming next, and feel nothing but fulfilled when the eventual entertainment reveal arrives.	Yes it's a disarming and potent experience but Holy Motors didn't quite make me a believer.	Mesmerizingly strange and willfully perverse, Holy Motors offers an unforgettable visual feast alongside a spellbinding -- albeit unapologetically challenging -- narrative.
If this is Li's epic swan song, it's a reasonably graceful exit.	It's a gorgeous, knuckle-biter of a fight film, but also a moving tale with a heart as big as its roundhouse kick.	Li's dramatic range may be limited, but Yu's handsome film invests his character with a fitting air of sincerity.	[Director Ronny] Yu is less successful, however, in dealing with his star's limited emotive abilities, the message-heavy script's melodramatic philosophising and a sappy ending.	Fearless is a visual juggernaut.	Fearless is a brilliantly choreographed, beautifully filmed endcap to Li's quarter decade of epic martial arts glory.
It's formulaic and corny as hell, but a top-notch cast keep this festive family drama believable - just.	Family holiday dramedy has some iffy content.	While formula is still the same, it's quite amusing, romantic, and a delightful holiday treat for a family to enjoy.	The clumsy dialogue is so busy explaining the back stories that it doesn't have time for decent one-liners.	It's laboured and obvious, and not even a Yuletide movie: Christmas is little more than a device to bring the family back under one roof. Still, its plot is as overstuffed as any turkey.	This Christmas features strong performances and a sharp portrayal of family dynamics, but relies too heavily on holiday movie clichés.
This disquieting, comic brand of guerrilla filmmaking is two hours of subjective preaching that should be required viewing.	Moore tackles this complex subject with his signature irreverence, creating a heavy but entertaining exposé.	The filmmaker has delivered the most provocative film of the year that's also highly entertaining, thought-provoking and even moving (despite the obvious manipulation).	Funnier than most comedies, more moving than most tear-jerkers and more apt to outrage than the most frenzied Oliver Stone diatribe, Michael Moore's Bowling for Columbine belongs on everyone's must-see list.	It could change America, not only because it is full of necessary discussion points, but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment.	Though it may not always convince, Bowling for Columbine asks important questions and provokes thought.
YFAN is graphic without showing anything, incredible yet credible, engaging and morbidly fascinating.	It's refreshing to see a movie like this -- something that's edgy and entertaining, and doesn't try to appeal to 'the masses.'	LaBute is one of our most fearless moviemakers and pop-culture commentators.	LaBute is taking a decisive step forward, moving from an attention-getting debut to a witty and observant exploration of sexual mores, acted by a well-chosen ensemble.	LaBute's characters are just cold, pretty figures striking art film poses while spouting corrosive but predictably theatrical dialogues.	Though it may strike some viewers as cold and unpleasant, Neil LaBute's Your Friends & Neighbors is an incisive critique of sexual politics wrapped up in a scathing black comedy.
Though very much in the vein of Woody Allen 70s comedies and showing influence of mentor Richard Linklater, this personal walking-and-talking dramedy expresses a distinct female POV, with Delpy the writer-helmer more critical of the femme than the man.	[Delpy has] created two original, quirky characters so obsessed with their differences that Paris is almost a distraction. I don't think I heard a single accordion in the whole film.	Despite issues with Julie Delpy's direction and editing, this is a pleasant delight and an exciting harbinger of better things to come from this perceptive young filmmaker.	Delpy makes mistakes in this film by providing unnecessary narration... and assumptions about the audience from politics to sexual awareness	A playful comedy, which shows off a wicked sense of humour and a real understanding of relationships.	Delpy proves not only to be an adept actress, but makes her mark as a writer and director in this thought-provoking comedy that breaks the romantic comedy mold.
Intimacy feeds on its achingly honest lead performances.	There is an interesting story here, but the movie circles it at a distance.	Chereau shot Intimacy in Super 35mm widescreen, but the film has the scruffy look of 16mm or digital video. That is not a bad thing, but, instead, the perfect representation of this downbeat drama -- desperate, sad, and shabby.	Contains no great revelations, but a lot of outstanding performances.	It's never clear ... what, if any, motivation is behind the affair in the first place, or what either participant expects to achieve from their weekly dose of secretive carnality.	Acted out with both physical and psychological nakedness by its two leads, Intimacy is an unflinchingly honest look at alienation.
As a movie, Gangster No. 1 is bunglesome, but as a feature-length musing on a theme, it's bold and resonant.	Just watch Bettany strut his stuff. You'll know a star when you see one.	Dazzles with its fully-written characters, its determined stylishness (which always relates to characters and story) and Johnny Dankworth's best soundtrack in years.	. . .captures the kinetic quality of the 60s with jump-action pacing, groovy camera angles and the occasional split screen treatment that never crosses the line into camp.	A movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle.	Gangster No. 1 is brutally violent, yet also compelling.
Alien-invasion aficionados should be pleased. Western nostalgists may be pleasantly surprised. Fans of cowboys-versus-aliens movies, well, it's been a long wait and here's your movie.	Talented director John Favreau ("Iron Man") keeps the pace of the film brisk and you never have to wait long for some action to come along.	Cowboys & Aliens has fun moments, but it's a plodding entertainment because it mostly tastes like leftovers.	The film doesn't live; it merely exists, content to keep our eyeballs occupied without investing any more than is absolutely necessary.	A rousing action drama that mixes film genres and comes up with a winner propelled by strong performances by Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford.	Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford are as dependably appealing as ever, but they're let down by director Jon Favreau's inability to smooth Cowboys & Aliens' jarring tonal shifts.
Little is as it seems in "Tangerine," a fast, raucously funny comedy about love and other misadventures.	The dialogue is spectacular in its authenticity, the relationships are complex -- amazing how drugs can change things - and Baker at no time stoops to judgment.	It is original, and these days that always counts for something.	Pure hipster catnip.	Baker gives a more ground-level view of Los Angeles than in any other movie in recent years.	Tangerine shatters casting conventions and its filmmaking techniques are up-to-the-minute, but it's an old-fashioned comedy at heart -- and a pretty wonderful one at that.
Like Brooke's dream business, a café/convenience store/hair salon, Mistress America is a mishmash of ideas	Outwardly, Gerwig creates a character who makes you cringe. At times, you are embarrassed for and by her. But, you also come to recognize that underneath, Brooke is a lost soul who really has no concrete life plan.	Did Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach just invent mumblecore screwball?	The film lurches frenetically from stagey, theatrical farce to quirky tenderness in a failed attempt to charm.	If Frances Ha was Baumbach's Manhattan, then this is his Bringing Up Baby	Mistress America brings out the best in collaborators Noah Baumbach and Greta Gerwig, distilling its star's charm and director's dark wit into a ferociously funny co-written story.
Perhaps many spectators will squirm at the three-hour length of the film or of some of its sequences (though director Federico Fellini cut some 30 minutes from his final print), yet others will never notice they've sat that long.	It's winsome because of the stylish cinematography, which fills the screen with mind-blowing bizarre visuals.	A profound film by a legendary director in the greatest period of his career.	Films don't get more essential than this.	This remains a landmark movie that should be seen by every self-respecting movie buff.	An epic, breathtakingly stylish cinematic landmark, La Dolce Vita remains riveting in spite of -- or perhaps because of -- its sprawling length.
The dialogue is witty and often irreverent, and the artwork is wonderfully weird.	An entertaining, irreverent experience for older kids and adults.	It was a bad enough TV show; moving this puppy to the big screen was a huge waste of space.	Has a non-sentimental appeal for that ... crowd that fancies itself too cool for kiddie stuff.	Despite the exhausting plot of dog to man and back again and musical numbers that make you want to roll your ears, Teacher's Pet is worthwhile.	Despite its short running time, Teacher's Pet is a witty and irreverent family film.
Director Jim Drake keeps things moving so quickly, one barely has time to notice just how stale the jokes here are.	There's nothing remotely arresting about the recycled and pointless roguish antics being drudged up once again in another tired and tedious Police Academy sequel. This bunch should lock the cell door and throw away the kooky keys!	Oh dear...oh dear, oh dear...	Quite possibly the least essential movie ever made. A call to arming the elderly.	Jim Drake is credited with the direction and Gene Quintano with the script, though they'd probably appreciate it if you kept it to yourself.	Utterly, completely, thoroughly and astonishingly unfunny, Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol sends a once-innocuous franchise plummeting to agonizing new depths.
The complexities of ordinary life don't fit into Frammartino's picture-postcard pieties; his sincere but diffuse spirituality is the cinematic equivalent of New Age music.	Meditative, calm, and profound, Le Quattro Volte offers a momentary respite from the bustle of contemporary life.	It is overpoweringly lovable.	Explaining it makes it sound aridly abstract, but watching it is pure delight...	...the rare film that calls to mind such disparate works as "Au Hasard Balthazar," "Hukkle" and "Local Hero" while creating its own cinematic world.	Birth, death, and transformation are examined in Le Quattro Volte, a profound and often funny mediation on the cycles of life on earth.
Without a luminous presence like Juliette Binoche or Irene Jacob to hold the murky narrative together, it never soars.	A bleak but ultimately hopeful comedy which, if it hadn't got to be called White, might very well be dubbed Black.	he love that figures centrally in White appears more as a postulate than as a realized fact. To achieve something more durable and persuasive, real characters are required, not allegorical stick figures.	Bookended as it is by Blue and Red, the second film in Kieslowski's liberty/ equality/ fraternity trilogy is a welcome relief from the sometimes tragic sensibility of the other two films.	White is a beautifully accomplished lyrical work that is both silly and serious.	Taking a lighter tone than the other films of the Three Colors trilogy, White is a witty, bittersweet comedy with heavier themes on its mind than one might at first realize.
I might almost sit through the crappy storytelling one more time just to see the car chases. These are the kind car chases that Stuntman Mike from Death Proof might be able to appreciate	A monument to cinematic suckiness.	As much as we'd like to see an American president made accountable, we don't have to see it over and over and over again.	[Vantage Point is] a puzzle cut by a drunken, three-fingered jigsaw operator who lost a few pieces and chewed on a few others.	Vantage Point is a patented representative of this year's early mediocrity. Vantage Point is trailer trash.	Vantage Point has an interesting premise that is completely undermined by fractured storytelling and wooden performances.
Reign of Fire is basically one great set piece surrounded by thickets of iron filings, oily hair and knotty-pine acting.	We get recycled plot elements from a dozen other movies, many of them better, and just enough suspense to keep it from turning to a complete disaster.	McConaughey's fun to watch, the dragons are okay, not much fire in the script.	Draggin' about dragons	... Reign of Fire is somehow greater than the sum of its parts.	An enjoyable B-movie if you don't use your brain.
You'd better watch out. You'd better not swear. Have a gun handy, loaded for bear. Santa Claus is coming...to Finland.	A half-baked, but at times utterly enthralling, dark fairy tale that eventually abandons its hushed tones and sweeping scope in favor of a grandly silly climax out of left field.	One of the best Christmas horror movies I've seen.	An enjoyably dark Christmas adventure with striking character design and a terrific central idea, but the script doesn't seem to know what to do with it, so the action dips in the middle before rallying for a decent climax.	Two thirds of a fantastic film, bolted onto the final third of a rubbish one.	Rare Exports is an unexpectedly delightful crossbreed of deadpan comedy and Christmas horror.
2 Fast 2 Furious is among the most lethargic action movies I have ever seen: when Mr. Walker and Tyrese are not driving, it might as well be called 2 Slow 2 Tedious.	Superficial? You betcha. But eye candy, attitude and humor abound in what amounts to a glorified Miami Vice episode complete with an undercover lawman who lives aboard a boat.	2 Fast 2 Furious is just 2 lame, 2 tame, and 2 much like a video game.	Maybe it's the gas fumes talking, but 2 Fast 2 Furious is a real joy ride.	It's unapologetic hackwork aimed at guys who never forgave Mom for throwing out their Hot Wheels set.	Beautiful people and beautiful cars in a movie that won't tax the brain cells.
Stuart Beattie handles the action well; I think he's less adept at handling the development of character, but I'm sure the numerous fans of the book will be satisfied with the movie.	Undeniably entertaining, but also profoundly silly, making Red Dawn look like a documentary by comparison.	This has the look of a blockbuster budget and its shoot-outs, car chases and explosions are handled as deftly as any you see in a Hollywood production, which begs the question "why don't [Australian film-makers] do more [action] movies like this?".	Patchy acting, fantastic action and some great slivers of humour in a movie that only gives off the faintest whiff of a xenophobic nation terrified of being invaded. It's not like the rest of the world didn't already think we were red-necks.	Tomorrow When The War Began jettisons its greatest asset - (author) John Marsden's insight into teenage insecurities and idealistic vision - in the name of stock heroics and sellable stunt work.	While the script isn't amazing and the story's race issues linger, this adaptation of John Marsden's book is an exciting, action-heavy adventure that should please fans of the series.
...powerful...[and] more than a little depressing...	A turning-point documentary which presents the truth about the war in Iraq in the profound and troubling words of veterans who fought there.	The way that Foulkrod unveils dozens of horrifying stories makes this a powerful and effective anti-war doc.	It's an edifying, upsetting film that offers a different perspective on the situation in the Middle East.	A stunning statement on how we mistreat our best and bravest young men.	The stories the soldiers have to tell are eye-opening and wrenching to hear; collectively it's a searing peek into the toll of war both during and after.
It's as phony, stupid, lame, and pathetic as any reality show on television.	In this homemade documentary, the narrator-filmmaker moves heaven and earth to get a date with his childhood dream girl, Drew Barrymore.	...inspiring and uplifting.	My Date With Drew is stupefyingly tedious and annoying, since even Herzlinger's fixation on Barrymore comes off as a quasi-sham. What he really craves is a date with fame, a mistress destined to stand him up.	It is all pretty harmless fly-on-the-wall fun, if a little too disposable.	A love-it-or-hate-it stalkerazzi documentary, My Date With Drew effectively draws on America's celeb-obsessed pop culture so that viewers either unabashedly identify with it, or are filing restraining orders on Drew Barrymore's behalf.
More like staying dead...a monotonous and unnecessary sequel that has all the grace and flow of a greased hog on rollerskates	So horrific are the musical sequences in this movie that you'll swear you were having nightmares directed by Satan himself.	It all amounts to an embarrassing show of unrestrained, Hollywood-style egomania.	It is a movie caught in a time warp: a slick MTV video that celebrates Eisenhower-era morality. For the Staying Alive audience, the problem is staying awake.	Tracking Travolta's adventures as he gets to perform on Broadway and falls in and out of love, director Stallone is in his mindless mode when it comes to characterization.	This sequel to Saturday Night Fever is shockingly embarrassing and unnecessary, trading the original's dramatic depth for a series of uninspired dance sequences.
Tour plays like one extended conversation between two highly intelligent men, but it's near-impossible not to become engaged in their dexterous repartee.	Observant, witty, and at no time too heavy-handed, it is one of the true gems of this years Sundance festival, and one of the best films of the year so far.	The End of the Tour is the best movie I can remember about clinical depression. It isn't depressing, though. Its overall effect is rather exhilarating.	Imperfect but compelling.	I don't know precisely how accurate The End of the Tour is, I only know how true it feels.	Brilliantly performed and smartly unconventional, The End of the Tour pays fitting tribute to a singular talent while offering profoundly poignant observations on the human condition.
The kind of movie where glass-smashing in slow motion serves the same function as extended guitar solos did in '70s rock concerts.	The most mesmerizing and refreshing action film of the last three years.	Too much routine stuff amid the excess relegates the hyperactive Swordfish to the level of costly dross.	Nothing but an inane popcorn flick pretending to be edgy.	An action opera designed to elicit Beavis and Butt-head-level appreciation.	Swordfish is big on explosions, but critics dislike how it skimps on plot and logic. Also, the sight of a person typing at a computer just isn't that interesting.
The James Bond series started in great style with this cleverly conceived dose of sheer escapism that, unlike later episodes, remained true to the essence of Ian Fleming's super-spy novels.	Of course, it's nonsense -- pure, escapist bunk, with Bond, an elegant fellow, played by Sean Connery, doing everything (and everybody) that an idle day-dreamer might like to do.	Dr. No (1962) is the first of the James Bond series of action-packed spy thrillers, and it played a key role	As produced by Harry Saltzman and Albert R. Broccoli and directed by Terence Young in a delightfully tongue-in-cheek style, the picture is often as unbelievable as a Superman comic strip but is always fast moving and thoroughly entertaining.	The Bond series developed a winning formula, and this prototypical adventure featured many elements that stuck...[Blu-ray]	Featuring plenty of the humor, action, and escapist thrills the series would become known for, Dr. No kicks off the Bond franchise in style.
This story blazes through the Detroit sound, the '60s and '70s, discrimination, betrayal, greed, pride, loyalty and redemption and so much more. It does it with songs and it does it exactly right.	Os realizadores exibem exatamente o mesmo preconceito que fingem condenar em seu longa, valorizando mais a estética do que o talento. Hipocrisia, Dreamgirls é seu nome.	Jennifer Hudson is the heart and soul of Dreamgirls. When she's on the screen, the movie shines. When she's not, the whole endeavor suffers.	You can feel the music down to your soul.	...as Effie White, the Dreamgirl left behind, Jennifer Hudson may have lost American Idol only to have won an Oscar.	Dreamgirls' simple characters and plot hardly detract from the movie's real feats: the electrifying performances and the dazzling musical numbers.
Wallner's journey to acceptance, not the movie's slight forays into theology, will be what you remember about For the Bible Tells Me So. It's a powerful, positive film.	The film offers proof that religion and homosexuality need not be mutually exclusive: Good Christians can love and accept their gay brothers and sisters, and gay people can still be religious.	A thoughtful look at the complicated relationship between Christianity and homosexuality.	For the Bible Tells Me So is never less than lively and stimulating in its arguments, even detouring into a very amusing cartoon dealing with the evidence that sexual orientation is biologically determined.	An important and edifying documentary that can convince many to open their hearts and their minds to support gay and lesbian equality.	A timely and poignant examination of gays, their families and religion.
Gentle and almost overwhelmingly bittersweet, this drama is packed with such engaging characters that the weaknesses of the plot don't seem too distracting.	Rewarding and interesting.	It's one of the best films of the year so far, a haunting portrayal of how easily things you took for granted can slip through your fingers and the way that dozens of loved ones can still make for only a tenuous safety net when you fall.	John Lithgow and Alfred Molina shine in a sweet, heartfelt little New York drama playing Ben and George, two gay men who decide to marry after a 39-year live-in arrangement...full of small, telling moments.	"Love Is Strange" is beautifully acted and bittersweet. It's a gentle reminder that modern love, like a houseplant, needs sunlight, space and attention to grow.	Held aloft by remarkable performances from John Lithgow and Alfred Molina, Love Is Strange serves as a graceful tribute to the beauty of commitment in the face of adversity.
I laughed so hard several times that I had trouble stopping.	One of the funniest roles of Williams.	It is what it is, and frankly I don't like it.	I've rarely laughed so much at a movie I generally disliked.	Williams has to break out of a second-rate "Tootsie" imitation, ankles clamped in pathos and face covered in latex. He pulls it off in the end, but it's not pretty.	On paper, Mrs. Doubtfire might seem excessively broad or sentimental, but Robin Williams shines so brightly in the title role that the end result is difficult to resist.
It unsuccessfully tries to bridge the gap between pathos and establishing a sense of realism, coming across as forced. Overweight prisoners and Harvey Keitel's German accent distract from the mood of the film.	[A] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama.	Filme trágico, complexo, difícil - e que pode ser assistido em sessăo dupla com O Pianista.	It's hard to imagine anybody ever being "in the mood" to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone, but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started.	Easier to respect than to love.	A grim and devastating tale of the Holocaust.
It's as if even De Palma tired of the cliched material and couldn't be bothered to put in much of an effort.	This movie's special effects, set design, actionsequence staging and swirling cinematography offset the weak story.	Who would have guessed that Mars would be so damn BORING?	De Palma's picture brings neither the wit nor the emotional derring-do of the subsequent movies to its account of not one but two tragedy-plagued flights to Mars.	Silly, turgid and devoid of even the hints of original thinking, Mission to Mars is a testament to shameless creative theft.	Beauty only goes skin deep in this shallow but visually stunning film.
A powerful movie, with emotional rawness and honesty that have been hallmarks of Bergman's work as much as his incredible egocentricity.	A probing look at love, marriage, fidelity, rivalry, and other deep-rooted emotional issues.	Highly recommended for those who can take it.	There's a real emotional heft to it, and the performances are superb.	Rarely has a supreme artist's twilight been so richly illuminating.	This brooding, measured look at adultery is ultimately emotionally riveting, thanks to its script and performances.
A scenic, well-behaved account of Potter's life and times.	The love story is beautifully constructed. There's some sentimentality here, but [director Chris] Noonan is careful not to take it too far and to avoid overplaying the audience's emotional chords.	Portraying a real-life hero can be a tough assignment. But Zellweger breezes through the role, flashing her puckish grin, talking in her soft, breathy voice and giving very human face to one of the most beloved figures of English letters.	Enchanting, perhaps, but a long, long way from meaningful.	The movie is made to measure for mothers, aunts and grandmothers who would share Potter's books, such as "The Tale of Peter Rabbit," with tikes of any generation.	A charming biopic that maintains its sweetness even in sadder moments.
Definitely worth a look.	Wristcutters: A Love Story has an offbeat, absurdist charm that turns a potentially creepy conceit into an odd, touching adventure.	It focuses on its own unique voice, and trusts that those who want to hear it will follow.	It's described as a black comedy, but you can forget the comedy part.	Boring, morose and uneventful, "Wristcutters: A Love Story" is a stinky little picture that mocks the afflicted while giving them a pat on the back.	Wristcutters: A Love Story sounds like a normal enough indie flick. Boy meets girl. Boy gets separated from girl. Boy goes on a road trip with friends to find girl and gains a new perspective on life. Except everybody's dead.
At times I thought I was bored, only to realize that I was actually feeling anxious and more than a little queasy.	Gripping, smart and well-tooled, this greenies-on-a-mission movie gives terrific build-up and a riveting central set-piece, with only a slight dip at the end.	I'm a great admirer of Reichardt's work, but having watched 'Night Movies' twice, I have to concede that it's something of a dud.	Jesse Eisenberg's performance has an intensity that is deliberately alienating, with Dakota Fanning and Peter Sarsgaard solid in support.	All three leads are perfect.	A uniquely character-driven thriller with a finely composed cast and some outstanding direction from Kelly Reichardt, Night Moves bolsters its thought-provoking themes with compelling drama.
They easily impress with their brainy charms and the documentary surrounding them continually reminds us that it's in on the joke as well.	The movie offers a generous helping of rock 'n' roll but no sex or drugs on the side, unless you count buckets of coffee, the group's stimulant of choice.	Predictably, Flansburgh and Linnell are the saving grace of the movie, both in their interview segments (refreshingly witty, although the editing could have been tighter) and particularly in the live footage.	At the length of 102 minutes, despite the engaging presence of the central figures, Gigantic lags with its saturation of industry people who state how much they love the Johns, and the influential presence the band has had on alternative music.	Traces the band's 20-year odyssey in creating Dada you can dance to.	A clever, absorbing documentary about They Might Be Giants, a musical duo whose brainy, idiosyncratic brand of pop has earned them decades of cult success.
Though the subject matter is nothing new, every aspect of the film thrums with quality.	makes an old story feel vibrantly new for a little while.	A shy, bright, wonderfully appealing film.	Submarine is the film Youth In Revolt should have been, an achingly sad yet ribald account of a hyper-verbal oddball's ascent/descent into manhood.	It's an intriguing low-key film that makes you think Holden Caulfield.	Funny, stylish, and ringing with adolescent truth, Submarine marks Richard Ayoade as a talent to watch.
All the other supporting players are British television stars and all rise to the occasion of this big-budget feature film.	Smart, sometimes pissingly funny!	The winning romantic comedy every summer not only awaits, but counts on!	Blithe and exhilarating!	The movie is very funny and that humor truly overcomes most of the quibbles I have with the screenplay.	Charming performances provide romance aplenty.
As the Harry Potter movies have ventured into darker, more mature territory, the series has greatly improved in one regard: The stories feel more epic, the tension more real.	After the clumsy storytelling and hollow action of some of this summer's Hollywood blockbusters, Yates' latest Potter is a shining beacon of quality.	The strangest thing about the new Harry Potter movie is not that it's unusually good, which it is, but that it unequivocally illustrates just how poorly we've been served by the previous five instalments in the franchise.	I think it's the best of the series, fairly easily, and a testament to why occasionally throwing a massive budget at an endeavor of this scope can be considered a reasonable decision.	This is absolutely the best of the Harry Potter films so far.	Dark, thrilling, and occasionally quite funny, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is also visually stunning and emotionally satisfying.
It takes hockey hooliganism to heights not seen since Slap Shot was offending the nation's finger-waggers back in the 1970s.	...a fresh, new sports comedy that may have a measure of cliché, but the filmmakers overwhelm it in a power play that scores.	The picture captures the crude, raucous locker-rrom spirit of 'Slap Shot' with surprising jollity, and it's peopled with amusing characters, all played with relish.	It's pitched as a comedy and has a few left-field laughs but is as empty-headed as its protagonist.	Pumping in the Puccini, the director lifts the movie off the ground, giving the feature an identity that's worth paying attention to.	Goon is a crude slapstick comedy with well-formed characters and a surprising amount of heart.
One thing's for sure-if George Romero had directed this movie, it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head.	Mildly grisly, assaultively noisy and tremendously boring.	An exciting, frivolous ride through a vision of the future that may be bleaker than anything in Brazil.	What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks, is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense, such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice.	Video games are more involving than this mess.	Like other video game adapations, Resident Evil is loud, violent, formulaic, and cheesy.
Bruce, Justin, and the screenwriter's well-worked banter between the two, make all that action add up to a cohesive production that commandingly entertains.	If you only see one film this summer, you need to get out more. But make this the one you choose.	Thematically "Live Free or Die Hard" is as heavy on high-octave action (a McTiernan specialty) as it is on technological mumbo-jumbo, which Wiseman is comfortably at home with.	To call this the best Die Hard movie ever made merely acknowledges that Director Len Wiseman simplifies the franchise to its basic elements: Predicament, Villain, Hero, Action.	Live Free or Die Hard is everything a fan of the franchise can expect, and more.	Live Free or Die Hard may be preposterous, but it's an efficient, action-packed summer popcorn flick with thrilling stunts and a commanding performance by Bruce Willis. Fans of the previous Die Hard films will not be disappointed.
Purr-fect.	The real beauty of the picture, which is as amusing, smoothly machined and beautifully colored as any Disney should be, is in the characterizations, sustained within a sprightly but simple format.	Proves that even the studio's halfhearted larks still have life in them, thanks to golden-age animators...tunesmiths...and vocal talent.	One of the less successful Disney offerings from the beginning of the 70s.	An enjoyable mix of fine animation, catchy songs, and outstanding voice characterizations.	Though The Aristocats is a mostly middling effort for Disney, it is redeemed by terrific work from its voice cast and some jazzy tunes.
full review at Movies for the Masses	Has the kind of edge that too few movies allow themselves...handled with skill and a blend of wit and suspense.	A good cast tries in vain to elevate a workmanlike script in a film that ends up as dead as Joe Gillis.	A movie is more than dialogue and a soundtrack. And direction is a lot more than making sure all your favorite parts of your own script make it to the screen intact.	It's a crying shame how disjointed it gets, crumpled into a narrow range of Brit-gangster idioms, picking quite the wrong ending, and barely holding it together from scene to scene.	In spite of its spotless pedigree and a strong sense of visual style, London Boulevard stumbles over its frenetic pace and crowded, clichéd plot.
Aeon Flux is by far the year's worst movie, a most dubious achievement.	There is something particularly ghastly about a bad science fiction movie	A hokey, post-apocalyptic jumble of clunky storytelling, tin-ear dialogue, and ineptly staged action sequences.	There isn't a hint of the actress who earned her Oscar for Monster in this blank performance.	It's not as bad as you might think.	Aeon Flux lacks the gravity-defying pace of its animated predecessor, and, despite some flash, is largely a dull affair.
For anyone under 13, free from cynicism and with a need to believe that 17 year-old boys aren't just after one thing, maybe this film rocks.	Seeing as how it's based on a weepy Nicholas Sparks novel, it's not surprising that this teen romantic drama is an almost unbearably weepy film.	This horrific teen romance-cum-weepie is best watched from between your fingers, or from under your seat, or perhaps standing outside the cinema looking in the opposite direction.	'No one was expecting Remains of the Day but this film could have been more than just a Dawson's Creek stop gap.'	Too-syrupy re-tread of Love Story.	Though wholesome, the Mandy Moore vehicle A Walk to Remember is also bland and oppressively syrupy.
Chronicles their 30-year history in a style befitting the band: bare-bones, frank, nonsensationalized and adamantly unsentimental.	This documentary works best for those who understand 'Hey, Ho!' and really want to go.	The inclusion of some little-seen musical performances by the band and the examination of its musical legacy make this documentary worthwhile.	About halfway through End of the Century: The Story of the Ramones, journalist Legs McNeil asks why the Ramones didn't have big hits. The achievement of the film is that it makes you wonder the same thing and provides an answer.	One of the most appealing themes running through this rock-doc is the admission by all concerned that The Ramones were never great musicians and never needed to be.	Gabba gabba hey! With its focus on the groundbreaking work of the 1970s punk band The Ramones End of the Century makes a solid entry into the growing canon of documentaries that capture Punkology.
An endlessly inventive picture that blends 1960s psychedelia with such diverse styles as pop art and Art Deco to create the fantastical world of Pepperland and its bizarre inhabitants.	A garish, gorgeous example of pop art at its finest.	The 1968 animated classic by the Beatles as their declaration of independence.	It's a credit to the art direction by Heinz Edelmann that this feature has retained its entirely distinctive look decades later	There's a quiet note of melancholy in much of this material, which is much more persuasive and concrete than the larky, intoxicating pleasure usually claimed for the film.	A joyful, phantasmagoric blend of colorful animation and the music of the Beatles, Yellow Submarine is delightful (and occasionally melancholy) family fare.
Director Gary Ross does a great job in bringing the thrilling novel to life in this uncompromising drama.	An exhilarating debut from the bestselling series about teenagers engaged in a deadly bloodsport.	A palatable mix of riveting adventure, high-stakes drama, a compelling heroine, engaging visuals and plenty of flavor from a talented ensemble, The Hunger Games leaves you hungry for the sequel.	There's a whole bunch of really nice subtle things that they do that they don't feel the need to Broadcast.	Whatever The Hunger Games lacks in originality, it makes up for with verve and relentless forward motion.	Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of its source novel.
Cox's film is strong on the atmosphere of the day and the sordid lives of those involved.	The title characters lead pointless, useless lives that are cut mercifully short by early deaths.	Despite the downward spiral of these two lives, the film never loses its drive or passion; it never wallows in the misery.	Forget Jack and Rose; forget Doctor Zhivago and Larissa; forget Lady and the Tramp. This love story between Sid and Nancy is one of the most fascinating ones you'll ever see.	Why then should anyone of sane disposition wish to see the film? Because it is still a love story, and a very touching one at that.	Visceral, energetic, and often very sad, Sid & Nancy is also a surprisingly touching love story, and Gary Oldman is outstanding as the late punk rock icon Sid Vicious.
Days of Glory is -- disappointingly, but not unsurprisingly -- a dull, plodding war film bursting with noble intentions, but ultimately wearing its agenda a bit too much on its sleeve.	Days of Glory is a rousing, old-fashioned World War II platoon movie in the gritty tradition of combat pictures like Don Siegel's Hell is for Heroes, Sam Fuller's The Big Red One and Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.	Days of Glory lacks the big-battle sequences of epic war movies, but makes up for it with emotionally rooted characterizations of its different personalities.	Standard issue military fare that has a hard time standing apart from established classics of the combat genre.	A cri de couer dressed out as a standard war film, Days of Glory is a well-made if blunt appeal for justice for the nearly forgotten Algerian soldiers who enlisted in the French Army in 1943.	Days of Glory is a powerful historical epic that pays homage to a valiant group of soldiers whose sacrifices have largely been forgotten.
Dry but occasionally interesting independent feature.	[Director] Byler may yet have a great movie in him, but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one.	A sexy, surprising romance... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger.	[The] scenes are full of pauses, lingering moments. Every line spoken echoes in the memory, and the acting is good enough to sell it.	Sometimes engaging, sometimes amusing and ultimately surprising.	Featuring an attractive young cast, Charlotte mostly shines as a portrait of the sexual frolics and hangups of L.A. Asian twentysomethings.
Adrian Paul carries the burden here, making Endgame feel like an extended episode of the popular television show.	The leading contender for worst film of the year.	It quickly goes astray with fight scenes laden with too many bullets, too many explosions, too many sparks, lightning bolts and weird lights -- and too many impalings.	Thinking (logically or otherwise) about this movie is a waste of your brain cells.	Even the sound effects get tiring: How many times can you hear swords being clanged, yanked from the Earth or sinking squishily into quivering flesh without getting bored?	The fourth and supposedly last Highlander movie is a confusing mess, complete with bad acting and dialogue.
What if I told you that one of the coolest and most creative films of the fall starred.... Jean Claude Van Damme?	In many ways, JCVD is not much different from Van Damme's cheesier movies except it's wittier and, this time, he's in on the joke.	...as surprising a reconsideration of an action hero as one is likely to find.	Part career-resuscitation attempt and part serious cry for help, Mabrouk El Mechri's Damme Day Afternoon rebranding effort is an incredibly intriguing failure.	JCVD is an oddball delight as the Muscles from Brussels pokes fun at his he-man persona. The film is amusing, engaging and delightfully strange, with Van Damme in impressive form.	JCVD is a touching, fascinating piece, with Jean-Claude Van Damme confounding all with his heartfelt performance.
A striking tribute to the pioneering spirit, radical queerness and sheer divinity of Divine.	Hard to beat for sheer enjoyment, as when Divine's mother remembers: 'I used to always say, Glenn, don't do anything to embarrass us' -- a sound bite accompanied by footage of Divine being raped by a giant lobster in 'Multiple Maniacs.'	Divine expanded the concept of the drag queen from brash female impersonator into something much larger, more subversive and less gender specific.	It's hard to go wrong with a movie about famed drag queen Divine, and director Jeffrey Schwarz certainly doesn't in "I Am Divine," a serious documentary about this gloriously trashy trailblazer.	Sincere but overly reverential.	With warmth and affection, I Am Divine offers an engaging portrait of the complex personality behind a trailblazing cinematic figure.
It's really a Judy Garland-Mickey Rooney "Let's put on a show" movie set in the South Bronx.	Watching Honey is like having the fluids drained out of your system and replaced by a sugar-loaded, mixed-drink concoction of a color not found in nature.	There's not a lot of depth or tension in this rags-to-riches story.	The only highlight is Missy Elliott doing a cameo, as herself.	Looks and sounds first-rate, but is saddled with a cliche- and stereotype-riddled story.	An attractive Jessica Alba and energetic dance numbers provide some lift to this corny and formulaic movie.
Absolutely awful for about the first 15 minutes; eventually, it rights itself and becomes quite fine; then it collapses during a protracted final act...	The problem is that our soliloquising Cockney comic as the "world's only loveable billionaire" (as the poster has it) seems too much like a child stamping his feet, demanding that love.	It seems like an odd choice for a remake 30 years down the line, as Moore's portrayal is one of his best, and best-known, roles. But if you must, Brand is the man for the job.	...an utterly disposable remake that will be cycled through its theatrical release, then DVD, then pay-per-view, then cable TV and then finally forgotten,	So many things are slightly wrong with the remake of Arthur that little feels right, and Christopher Cross' original theme song inspires the key question for everyone involved: Is this really the best that you can do?	An irritating, unnecessary remake that demonstrates the libertine charm Russell Brand exudes in supporting roles turn against him when he's star of the show.
It's easily the best popcorn movie of the summer.	This repitilian horror thriller is the stuff of which nightmares are made.	The greatest trick New Line Cinema ever pulled was convincing the world that it had something of great amusement behind their decision to hold Snakes from view up to the last minute. Now that the slither is out of the bag, let the yawns begin.	The action is more repetitive than clever (snakes slide and bite, victims clutch wounds and gasp).	Some things you probably won't care about in Snakes on a Plane: character development, the musical score, harsh lighting that makes everyone look like they're wearing wrinkle-enlarging cream. Here's what you will care about: It's a lot of fun.	Snakes on a Plane lives up to its title, featuring snakes on a plane. It isn't perfect, but then again, it doesn't need to be.
It plays more like a Ben Stiller/Jennifer Aniston Romantic Comedy Greatest Hits package.	A hit-and-miss affair with more flat moments than comic ones.	Along Came Polly is a scattershot and tiring romantic ruse that depends on its notable players to sell the relentlessly lame, run-of-the-mill package of witless high jinks	For a movie with a theme of living life without deferring to fear of the risks involved, the filmmakers don't take chances in breaking the mold of run-of-the-mill romantic comedies.	A talented group of comedic performers getting together and celebrating some of the lowest forms of comedy (but with excellent timing).	Though the supporting actors are funny, Stiller and Aniston don't make a believable couple, and the gross-out humor is gratuitous.
Extremely well-written, with a unique and original plot. A great showcase for writer-director-star Lake Bell.	What pleasure then to find an August release that's built around real, identifiable humans, and sports a complicated but lovably flawed woman at its center.	At times, Bell seems to forget her premise entirely. But there are enough solid gags-even if many of them are barely germane to the voiceover biz-to confirm her abundant talent.	Very funny semi-satirical look at the bitchy, male-dominated world of movie trailer voice over people.	It is a refreshing and unique film that marks the longtime romantic comedy side player as not only a leading lady but an impressive writing talent with a considerable future.	A funny, well-written screwball satire for film buffs, In a World... proves an auspicious beginning for writer, director, and star Lake Bell.
A collection of repetitive, seemingly unrelated vignettes, as symbolic as they are self-consciously waggish.	Life in the Arab-Israeli region has a random and arbitrary unintelligibility, if this surreal stylization validly reflects it. But, validity comes into question.	From the first scenes -- a sorry-looking Santa huffing and puffing his way up a hill to flee a gang of Palestinian youths -- Divine Intervention intercedes to offer the most unexpected of film experiences.	Don't try for Buster Keaton deadpan effects unless you have Buster Keaton.	The Dr. Strangelove of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, bringing barely acknowledged fears to the surface so they can be understood.	Suleiman utilizes absurdist humor to craft a provocative, original film.
"I Am Big Bird" is a loving personal profile of Spinney, with memories and anecdotes shared by his wife, his children, his co-workers and friends.	Spinney is well-deserving of the attention, and from a standpoint of sheer curiosity and fascination, knowing more about this man who created a character that we loved as children and that our children now love, is a gently poignant experience.	You'll find a few touching moments and some iconic images for Gen-X viewers, but don't expect any feathers to get ruffled.	It is impossible to observe the film's interviews with Spinney and not be taken aback by the man's extraordinary sensitivity, and the deeply unhappy childhood that seems still very much with him today.	Spinney is a one-of-a-kind personality, an oddball even among the oddballs who pioneered Sesame Street's Children's Television Workshop.	Every bit as good-natured as longtime fans might hope, I Am Big Bird: The Carroll Spinney Story offers heartwarming behind-the-scenes perspective on a cultural icon.
A solid work that may be a needless retread, but one that is respectful and smartly done.	An awful lot of trouble to go to just because some people don't like reading subtitles.	It's an impressive, thoughtful version with Reeves' reverence for his source material winning through and the performances of his two young leads well up to snuff.	Let Me In is simply riveting, dark and ominous, cruel and unrelenting, sprinkled with bittersweet moments and sentiment.	It's still a striking piece of character-driven horror, and it still ranks (despite the effects) among the more understated fright fests to hit the mainstream in recent memory.	Similar to the original in all the right ways -- but with enough changes to stand on its own -- Let Me In is the rare Hollywood remake that doesn't add insult to inspiration.
...I also question whether this will be one of those movies where, after you get the joke, the second viewing may be more pleasurable. Sadly, the first time wasn't a charm...	War Zone doesn't cheat action fans of intense violence; they'll be treated to a vast array of vicious butchery.	Brisk, violent and packed with outlandish stunts, Punisher: War Zone gets the job done, although not as effectively as the first one.	The film boasts some of the more revolting special effects ever conceived. There isn't really any acting to speak of, although Jigsaw and Loony Bin Jim get to chew people and scenery; the dialogue is pretty much what you'd expect.	Steeped in as much over-the-top brutality and gore as comedy, this artless revenge tale would seem to have a limited fan base and shelf life.	Punisher: War Zone recalls the excessively violent, dialogue-challenged actioners of the 1980s, and coincidentally feels two decades out of date.
Although a film of constant talk and little action, Son of the Bride maintains a brisk, buoyant pace and keeps us involved throughout its two-hour running time.	An entertaining and poignantly bittersweet take-down of a good man's midlife crisis.	Capaz de provocar o riso e arrancar lбgrimas com a mesma facilidade, este maravilhoso filme acerta em tudo: desde o excepcional roteiro а direзгo de Campanella, passando pelas performances irretocбveis de Darin, Alleandro e Blanco. Um clбssico instantвneo	Even the digressions are funny.	While it's not as fantastical as Amelie or as brutish as No Man's Land, it has something that neither of those movies have: a sort of measured everyday realism.	A film about one man's mid-life crisis, The Son of the Bride is both touching and funny.
[Kahuna] has three terrific actors working at the top of their form.	Giving actors a chance to act seems to be the point...	Despite my reservations about Spacey's performance, the film is generally very well acted.	Seems trapped between theatre and cinema, with nobody around to chew its leg off.	Yet as much as we may resist, The Big Kahuna closes the sale.	Wonderful adaptation of the stage play.
As brisk as it is rich, The Last Samurai is much more fun than a mere history lesson.	A rare example of a great movie but horrible fiction.	It has the flourish and even the delicacy of those whose life it celebrates.	It's going to be an uphill battle for those fierce elves, dwarves and wizards to overcome these ferociously gorgeous samurai.	The Last Samurai is easily Tom Cruise's best film and performance in quite awhile.	With high production values and thrilling battle scenes, The Last Samurai is a satisfying epic.
[A]gainst all probability, 'Money Never Sleeps' is a watchable enough movie for its first hour or so.... But as the financial bubble pops, so too does the cinematic one.	[The film] is clearly anti- "destroying the economy", but isn't terrible coherent otherwise.	In trying to dramatise the causes and consequences of the 2008 collapse, Stone slightly misses the boat.	Subtlety has never been Stone's strong suit, but few filmmakers pick at our rawest societal scabs with quite as much brio and determination.	Douglas is fun to watch. Little else in this movie is.	It's more entertaining than many sequels, but with Oliver Stone directing, a terrific cast, and a timely storyline that picks up where the original left off, Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps should be better.
Why is Kevin James a top-billed movie star? When did this happen? Why is it happening?	With the exception of some nice moments, mainly due to Kevin James' wholesome and lovable lead, Zookeeper is a flop and should be watched at your own peril.	I didn't dislike it and reckon children will be amused by the talking animals and impressed by the quality of the effects.	If as much money had gone into the screenplay as must have gone into the paying for the star voices we might have ended up with something less mundane.	Should've been called Hey Kids, Watch A Pudgy Man Take Pratfalls And Act Like An Alpha A**hole-There'll Be Talking Animals!	Zookeeper smothers Kevin James's with a sodden script and a surfeit of jokes inappropriate for the young viewers who would be intrigued by its juvenile storyline.
won't have Pixar running scared, but it's reasonably entertaining once it finds its groove.	Disney is also releasing this movie in a new Dolby digital projected 3D format. If a theatre near you offers this, check it out in this format for sure.	Oddly enough, Walt Disney Pictures breaks through the glass ceiling of modern animation with a tale about the sky falling.	Traditional cel animation may be dead, but it'll be remembered fondly. Pop ephemera like Chicken Little is more likely to be smiled at once, then instantly forgotten.	It lacks a good, old-fashioned story -- the fourth dimension every 3-D feature needs to be a classic.	In its first non-Pixar CGI venture, Disney expends more effort in the technical presentation than in crafting an original storyline.
Easily one of the best of the year.	The title of the film comes from the name on the L.A. street sign.	Anderson was better off dealing with what goes into the mouths of babes than what comes out of them.	Rife with unexpected outbursts, moments of catharsis and deeply funny observations about love and sex, this is a film that runs you through the emotional wringer, then shifts into reverse and pulls you back through again.	A wonderfully crafted picture, this movie sweeps you through the lives of many interesting characters.	Critics say Magnolia is an ambitious, lengthy work that ultimately succeeds due to the interesting stories and excellent ensemble performances.
It's just another in the string of subpar exorcism movies which followed 1973's never-rivalled The Exorcist, gussied up with an A-list cast and dishonest marketing.	Although it's not the horror film the trailers will lead you to believe, this film exceeds expectations in every way.	Emily Rose is as much a powerful courtroom drama as it is a supernatural thriller.	"Scarier than The Exorcist. A commendable, creepy and first-rate film experience. Try going straight to sleep after this baby".	As courtroom drama, The Exorcism of Emily Rose works effectively; as a scarefest, it misses the mark. But the performances stick with you, particularly that of Linney, who has an elegant steeliness.	Loosely based on a true story, The Exorcism of Emily Rose mixes compelling courtroom drama with generally gore-free scares in a ho-hum take on demonic cinema.
This Oscar-winning comedy could be described as an Italian Woody Allen film, only less neurotic and more warm-hearted.	Reviews of the movie tend to make it sound like a madcap ethnic comedy, and that it is. But there is something more here, a certain bittersweet yearning that comes across as ineffably romantic, and a certain magical quality.	Charming if erratic, Moonstruck is the unlikely marriage of undershirt-in- kitchen naturalism and urbane drawing-room farce.	A superior romantic comedy, with more than a touch of grace and warmth, and without resorting to the usual stupid romantic comedy clichés.	Norman Jewison's film is a mostly appetizing blend of comedy and drama carried by snappy dialog and a wonderful ensemble full of familiar faces.	Led by energetic performances from Nicolas Cage and Cher, Moonstruck is an exuberantly funny tribute to love and one of the decade's most appealing comedies.
This dog doesn't do enough wagging.	Look at War, Inc as a back-flipping, over-the-top political farce, and the results are far more pleasurable. Consider the film an unofficial sequel to the 1997 classic Grosse Pointe Blank, and War, Inc. is absolutely wonderful.	The jokes about evil corporations and wartime profiteers and hitmen fall flat, and the last 20 minutes are loud, and violent and ridiculous and endless.	Any hopes you might be holding out for a smart, sophisticated political satire will immediately be squashed at the sight of Dan Aykroyd on the toilet.	Any random five minutes from lefty talk-radio hosts Rachel Maddow's or Randi Rhodes' shows would provide more entertainment and deeper insight into current events.	War, Inc. attempts to satirize the military industrial complex, but more often than not it misses its target.
Not exactly a hundred million dollars' worth of classic comedy.	The pathetic, witless state of modern film comedy and mass appeal. Even at this level, 'Land of the Lost' bores.	A mostly funny bowl of Dumb with the nutritional equivalent of all those giant bowls of Froot Loops you ate while watching cartoons back in the day.	...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't extend to making something out of a nothing script.	A misbegotten project that immediately alienates kid-toting parents with shameless and incessant product plugs, surprisingly foul language and other inappropriate references...	Only loosely based on the original TV series, Land of the Lost is decidedly less kid-friendly and feels more like a series of inconsistent sketches than a cohesive adventure comedy.
Expect a human comedy about relationships that haven't been fully explored on film before, told in a fashion that ensures tenderness trumps self-importance at every turn.	The dialog seems like it was pulled from a magazine full of bad liberal clichés. It feels as if people who used to be progressives, but want people to think they still are wrote this movie.	Kids more than just all right.	Rich and funny, a film that doesn't condescend or strike a single false note, and one whose structure and detail work together in lockstep.	It's so real, so sexy, so sad, so honest and so truly, heartbreakingly funny.	Worthwhile as both a well-acted ensemble piece and as a smart, warm statement on family values, The Kids Are All Right is remarkable.
The biggest film of the year opens this week, though you may be forgiven if you haven't heard about it, as it has committed the unpardonable sin of being in Chinese.	The art of war done John Woo style, Red Cliff is an entertaining and grandiose return to form by the master of action cinema.	His period war spectacular Red Cliff may be better than several of his American blockbusters, but it falls some way below the absurdly entertaining Face/Off.	The drama tends to be pitched over the top %u2026 Before, Woo could pull off such extremes because he did it in an operatic fashion of gonzo emotion, but here it often comes off as inadvertently hokey.	Red Cliff is extravagant and expensive, but at least all the money has gone on screen.	Featuring some impressively grand battlefield action, John Woo returns to Asia and returns to form in the process for this lavish and slick historical epic.
The consistently high production values and legitimately creepy storylines ensure that even those who don't consider themselves horror fans will likely feel satisfied after this three-course meal.	Three Extremes would be better if it were Two Extremes.	Cross-cultural Asian horror triptych is a bloody good time.	It has three stories, and each is extreme. Yet even literalism can be an understatement.	Another pulpy Creepshow movie would be more welcome than a second installment of this stiff stuff.	This anthology contains brutal, powerful horror stories by three of Asia's top directors.
... a delightfully unpredictable, hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels.	You don't have to be "bi curious" to appreciate it, your love life doesn't have to be in shambles, you don't even need to take a date to see and enjoy the film.	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy, Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky, charming and often hilarious. Yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe.	This comedy of manners and romance is a charmer that should have broad cross-over appeal to audiences, gay and straight.	A very witty take on change, risk and romance, and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth.	A trite but refreshing and comical spin on nature of love.
Adds a whole new dimension to the experience while keeping the essence of original intact.	Ten years from now, it will be the 1968 version that people are still renting.	The movie can be both a gas and distant, a toy sealed in its unbreakable box.	A campy, juiced-up ker-splat, busy with clumsy pyrotechnics and never nearing the vicinity of satire.	Overall, I recommend Planet of the Apes for fun. Just don't expect anything more than a remake.	This remake of Planet of the Apes can't compare to the original in some critics' mind, but the striking visuals and B-movie charms may win you over.
Furry Vengeance is heavy on eco-moralizing and poop jokes but a little short on likable two-legged characters.	Did they have to pad it out with so many repeated pratfalls and inconsequential guff? It should play well enough with the under tens, mind.	If there's an award for taking a great idea and strangling it to death with mediocre execution, this should get it.	Even by the low standards of live action funny animal movies, Furry Vengeance is a pretty bad film, the sort of low gag rate family flick that aims for generic suitable-for-all fun and satisfies no-one in the process.	... unfunny trash ...	A thin premise stretched far beyond serviceable length, Furry Vengeance subjects Brendan Fraser -- and the audience -- to 92 minutes of abuse.
I wished I liked it more. But, for all its good points, this film is a high-concept contrivance of the sort Bier turns out easily, and looks like a faintly preposterous cine-soap opera for haemophiliac-hearted liberals.	Essentially an essay about bullying ( ... ) and the abuse of power, it will probably be appreciated most by people who want to keep up with [Susanne] Bier's maturing catalogue.	A most deserving Oscar winner and a film that could provoke discussion anywhere it is shown, anywhere people of any age are being bullied	There's little flash or surprise in Bier's latest well-shot film, but plenty of substance.	Although this being a film by Susanne Bier, there is unfortunately a good measure of unneeded melodrama stirred in to trivialize the very important thematic concerns.	In a Better World is a sumptuous melodrama that tackles some rather difficult existential and human themes.
The animation by which it stands or falls is as brilliant as ever and, though it wouldn't really be right to call it totally anti-Disney, it certainly trumps that institution for sharpness of focus, notably as far as the screenplay is concerned.	The animation is still startlingly good and that, as well as the occasional bursts of wit, keeps Shrek 2 afloat.	The Oscar-winning ogre is back for another adventure, and thankfully the folks behind this one haven't forgotten what made the first Shrek such an entertaining flick.	Shrek 2 does not feel like a sequel. It's very funny, very fresh, and leaves one anxious for the next installment.	Filled with silly gags and pop culture references, this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear.	It may not be as fresh as the original, but topical humor and colorful secondary characters make Shrek 2 a winner in its own right.
When the cutest and most amusing thing in a movie is a pet pig on caffeine, you know you're in trouble.	Ladies and gentlemen, we have arrived at a new circle of hell: the one where Martin Lawrence is no longer the most irksome presence in a Martin Lawrence movie.	National Lampoon's Vacation Light. They have some funny disasters on the road, nothing like dead relatives or incest, but it's light and fun.	When all else fails, and the last faint possibility of comedy has vanished, the director turns on the sentiment.	Imagine being locked in a car with Charles Manson, Idi Amin and Osama bin Laden. The worst road trip ever? Nope. That honour belongs to Martin Lawrence's latest so-called comedy, which parks itself neatly between the words appalling and god-awful.	Filled with shrill gags and middling slapstick, College Road Trip is woefully short on comic imagination.
The film is admirably atmospheric but it ultimately loses its nerve and is revealed as just another comforting lesson in redemption.	If Nine Inch Nails, Swans and Ministry ever loomed large in the landscape of your imagination, Anderson's gloomy aesthetic may exert a sour but lingering pull.	This is not a horror film, but it is horrifying.	Psychological suspense at its finest.	Christian Bale delivers an expert performance...	Brad Anderson's dark psychological thriller about a sleepless factory worker is elevated by Christian Bale astonishingly committed performance.
It is a whirlwind of sound and imagery that wants nothing less than to suck you into its world of Truth, Beauty, and most of all love. And beneath the pageantry, the breathtaking visuals, and the songs, that is what this movie is; a love story.	Breath-taking in parts, yet at times embarrassing and clumsy, it's a film you'll either love or hate.	What one takes away from it is a powerful impression of Luhrmann as a technically dexterous visual virtuoso.	If one is able to give oneself over to the heady mix of improbable fantasy that Luhrman paints with his broad brush, MOULIN ROUGE can be something akin to ecstasy.	It leaves you feeling as worn-out as a grandmother at a rave.	A love-it-or-hate-it experience, Moulin Rouge is all style, all giddy, over-the-top spectacle. But it's also daring in its vision and wildly original.
Motion-capture technology just gets better and better -- and so do the Planet Of The Apes reboots.	This vivid, violent extension of humanoid ape Caesar's troubled quest for independence bests its predecessor in nearly every technical and conceptual department ...	Reeves directs with great dynamism, and his scenes of masses of apes swinging through treetops and swarming through San Francisco streets are rousingly staged.	Intense sequel is darker than first, with more weapons.	What we have here is a great frontier western of the old school.	With intelligence and emotional resonance to match its stunning special effects, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes expands on its predecessor with an exciting and ambitious burst of sci-fi achievement.
It smothers the already frail story of their characters' long-distance relationship with enough R-rated gross-out humor for half a dozen Judd Apatow movies -- except that virtually none of it is funny.	Absolutely infuriating. The worst movie of the year.	There's just not quite enough to the movie: not enough jokes, not enough obstacles, not enough sex.	What's both refreshing and problematic is that there's no emotional imbalance between boy and girl: their feelings are mutual and the obstacle is purely geographical.	Barrymore just keeps getting better with age, both with her looks and her comedic timing --- and the writing soars above the commonplace.	It's timelier and a little more honest than most romantic comedies, but Drew Barrymore and Justin Long's screen chemistry doesn't make up for Going the Distance's overall flatness.
There's nothing really special about this film, other than an interesting premise.	Knowing, though the story of disasters, isn't a total disaster itself. It's just too ambitious for its own good.	The movie's big, dumb elements come in all the wrong places; they provide lots of anxiety but little relief.	Stylishly directed by Alex Proyas (who made I, Robot) this is quite simply over-the-top bonkers.	The plot, too, is a sham (shades of Signs and Close Encounters), and Proyas's slick visuals do little to dress it up.	Knowing has some interesting ideas and a couple good scenes, but it's weighted down by its absurd plot and over-seriousness.
Bier lets the viewer feel every ounce of the emotional pain.	While its focus is domestic drama, the film doesn't shy away from harsh scenes of wartime violence.	Bier's attention to detail allows her to get away with melodramatic plot developments we might not buy in another movie. Yeah, crazy things happen, but the characters' responses to them are so genuine that the plot developments feel genuine, too.	Explores the primal emotions of sibling rivalry and the toxins of violence in those returning home from war zones.	At its core, Susanne Bier's wrenching portrayal of the shifting dynamics within a Danish family is really about survival, about how we cope in the face of shattering grief and what we'll do -- anything, really -- to save ourselves.	This tense, understated drama explores the complications of individual and social ethics stemming from the repercussions of war on one man and his family.
The results, while a bit overlong, are engaging and real.	Xavier Beauvois' police procedural owes more to Prime Suspect and Hill Street Blues than it does to any film genre. And it's all the better for it, if you can withstand the glacial pace and loving attention to the smallest details.	Le Petit Lieutenant looks at Antoine's life with lyricism.	Nathalie Baye is remarkable in Le Petit Lieutenant where she plays Caroline Vaudieu, a Parisian police inspector who returns to her post after a bout with alcoholism following her child's death.	The film's plot, revolving around a murder investigation that turns nasty, ticks along smoothly and efficiently. But it's ultimately more of a character drama, and a reminder that great acting often has little to do with words.	A gritty, languidly paced crime drama that blends old-fashioned ambiance with modern cynicism.
Revenge of the Sith is not the "masterpiece" some make it out to be. It is, simply, a far more worthy installment than we've recently been fed.	...the brilliant final showdown between Obi-Wan and Anakin for his soul is the moment that takes the Star Wars saga where it needs to go ...	The final hour ... delivers like Domino's pizza.	Even though Ian McDiarmid is a delicious bad guy, John Williams' music is what sets this apart from other mundane films that survive on special effects.	Despite all of its impressive slam-bang, almost wall-to-wall action and awe-inspiring special effects, Episode III, though head and shoulders above the other prequels, is crippled by poor scripting and logic.	This sixth and final installment of George Lucas' epic space opera will please die-hard fanatics and non-believers alike -- largely due to awesome digital effects and the sheer power of the mythology.
Ms. Vardalos' has loaded her charmingly fluffy script with cute idiosyncrasies in place of actual characters.	(An) ugly duckling fairytale that is predictable and brimming with clichés - but so earnest, funny and joyful that it's a complete delight all the same.	A textbook example of how keeping it simple can yield big rewards -- and big laughs.	As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but, happily, a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos' memories and insights.	It offers the illusion of originality by bombarding audiences with Greek stereotypes, but really clings to the formulaic romance comedy.	Though it sometimes feels like a television sitcom, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is good-hearted, lovable, and delightfully eccentric, with a sharp script and lead performance from Nia Vardalos.
Energetic and very, very funny, with theme-park-ride action sequences and bathroom humor to occupy kids and witty puns aimed at adults.	Historians may blanch at the liberties taken here, but the spirit of the thing -- the way it champions intellectual curiosity and critical thinking -- warmed this nerd's heart tremendously.	It's a pleasant, often amusing, family film with lots of kid-friendly jokes and puns but also plenty of references that will go over the heads of the smaller members of the audience.	Although possessed of several frantic, breathless action-based sequences, the film seems to possess the same appealing nerdy effeteness of the goofy TV shorts, comedically riffing on ancient history the same way lesser animated films riff on pop culture.	Too dull and mediocre to be interesting or interestingly bad.	Mr. Peabody & Sherman offers a surprisingly entertaining burst of colorful all-ages fun, despite its dated source material and rather convoluted plot.
Zwick (Courage Under Fire) has fashioned another ethical tour de force that reveals his dedication to serious filmmaking.	In all, quite a disappointment.	Could someone please turn down Denzel Washington's Righteousness Meter? It's set too high.	With gritty cinematography and taut editing, the film maintains its energy and offers a palatable reality as the tension tightens.	The Siege is clumsily put together. Zwick is careless about plot details, so the movie is often needlessly confusing.	An exciting, well-paced action film.
Although the action movie is the last bastion of the male star, Charlie's Angels should change all that.	Vapid and self-consciously kitschy, these gals are a 13-year-old boy's fantasy of a strong woman. This is Hollywood aiming T&A at little girls, but I wouldn't let any little girl I cared about see this film.	Diaz, Barrymore and Liu obviously relish each costume change and, unsurprisingly, they look sensational regardless of what they're wearing -- or not wearing, as the case may be.	The most fun movie of the year.	An utter debacle.	Mixing tongue-in-cheek cheesecake with glossy action set pieces, Charlie's Angels is slick and resonably fun despite its lack of originality.
Chilean director Sebastian Lelio's Gloria is a warm, intimate, sharply funny depiction of a life in progress.	Hitchcock once said that other directors made slices of life; he made pieces of cake. Lelio's feat is that he's made a slice of life that's a piece of cake, too.	The overall effect is to slowly create a wonderfully three-dimensional character, lovingly shaded and detailed.	Whether you appreciate Gloria as a portrait of a vital woman, muddling through life's middle chapters, or as an allegory of Chilean resilience, the message is the same: Let's face the music and dance.	As endlessly-watched as she is in this film, Gloria is an endlessly watchable creation-a wonderful example of an actress melting into a role, and a co-writer/director with almost superhuman levels of sensitivity and empathy for his characters.	Marvelously directed by Sebastian Lelio and beautifully led by a powerful performance from Paulina Garcia, Gloria takes an honest, sweetly poignant look at a type of character that's all too often neglected in Hollywood.
If you think you know the premise or believe that this is just a fictional retelling of the Judith Miller scandal from a few years back, I beg you to leave those preconceptions at the door. I know I went in with my own. Nothing But the Truth is none of	Thoughtful and incendiary, stressing the ever-increasing threats to civil liberties in the name of national security.	Sporadically provocative and slightly contrived.	Writer-director Lurie makes dramas that whole-headedly engage ethical quandaries yet dodge easy judgments.	Kate Beckinsale and Vera Farmiga's terrific work is easily the best reason to watch.	A well-crafted political thriller, Nothing But the Truth features a strong cast that helps the real-life drama make an effortless transition to the big screen.
In Aviva Kempner's affectionate documentary Yoo-Hoo, Mrs. Goldberg, Berg, who once polled second only to Eleanor Roosevelt as one of America's most respected females, is given her due. Or at least her showbiz due.	Kempner marshals an impressive lineup of both Berg and Goldberg fans to underscore the irrefutable significance of her subject.	Aviva Kempner's documentary is a real eye-opener on an influential woman whose once central place in American popular has been mostly forgotten.	Accurately subtitled 'The Most Famous Woman in America You Never Heard Of,' Aviva Kempner's well-intentioned portrait of Gertrude Berg continues the director's focus on unsung Jewish-American heroes.	Stylistically, Aviva Kempner's documentary is no ground-breaker. But its old-school talking-heads/narration/footage format suits its subject matter, and the remarkable story needs no window dressing.	Equal parts edification and entertainment, Kempner's tender tribute to a forgotten pioneer of American entertainment is both richly deserved and long overdue.
A deeply fascinating movie ... you'll probably never be able to look at commercials and ads the same way again.	By narrowing his focus to just the cream of the ad crop, [director] Pray comes across as a Madison Avenue huckster himself, one who's selling the public on the classiness of smart ads.	They are the giants of modern advertising, and they have some alluring tales to tell.	As the glossiest of colored glossies this film delivers a message than creativity is still alive in America. But the main reward seems to be corporate bottom lines.	The subjects seem so deluded by a sense of self-importance that they put forth any number of outrageous claims about the significance of their art in order to justify a life spent serving a potentially dubious interest.	Art & Copy doesn't probe deeply enough, or think critically enough about its subject.
Stereotypes across the board, puerile one-upmanship games, and an utter failure to explain why, indeed, these two even were together.	For all that goes wrong with The Break-Up, the most compelling question it raises has to do with the state of the romantic comedy during a cynical, prepackaged, reality-tv moment.	What looks like a raucous frat-boy comedy is really a surprisingly canny depiction of a stagnant relationship.	In an era of formulaic romantic movies that bear no resemblance to reality, The Break-Up offers a refreshing flipside.	The summer's biggest disappointment - though hardly the worst movie - so far.	This anti-romantic comedy lacks both laughs and insight, resulting in an odd and unsatisfying experience.
Both Mr. Pullman and the slyly restrained Mr. Stiller keep their characters entertaining even when Mr. Kasdan's interest is elsewhere.	If Zero Effect is an indication of Jake Kasdan's promise as a filmmaker, he deserves to be enthusiastically watched...	This hip blend of Sherlock Holmes and Howard Hughes is an offbeat suspense comedy.	Not only is it hilarious, but it's a damn good detective story that has fun toying around with all the tired old conventions of the detective story	Try as it might, "Zero Effect" just doesn't amount to much.	A promising debut for writer/director Jake Kasdan, Zero Effect overcomes its flaws with its off-kilter humor and likeable leads.
To be blunt, Primary Colors is one of the angriest and cynical films about running for political office ever made, but luckily it doesn't allow these two overpowering feelings to crush the film's power as entertainment.	Primary Colors is one of the best film about politics I have ever seen and is director Mike Nichols best film since The Graduate, 31 years ago.	May and Nichols may not be right for the material, especially the Searching for Jimmy Stewart component, which feels more labored as the film proceeds.	A first-rate satire.	Maintains a fairly deft sense of irony and emotional resourcefulness with regard to its subject, which is, most broadly, the complicated interrelations among politics, sex, ethics and the press.	Well acted and suprisingly funny.
Pirates and the Muppets turn out to be a natural fit, even without the late Jim Henson.	There's a gaping hole with Jim gone, however his son directs with great energy, and it's almost impossible not to like Tim Curry and a bunch of Muppets on a reasonably literary pirate ship.	Disappointing Muppet movie. Too much Treasure Island, not enough Muppets.	Lively, enjoyable Muppet madness	Geena Davis and Renny Harlin couldn't cut it with Cutthroat Island. Steven Spielberg nearly got the hook for Hook. But leave it to Miss Piggy and Kermit to discover uncharted gold in the shipwrecked-pirate genre.	Though less Muppet-centric than the original trilogy, Muppet Treasure Island is an energetic, cheerful take on Robert Louis Stevenson's classic adventure, with typically solid gags.
Gory, vulgar and wickedly funny. Easily the summer's best comedy.	The smartest dumb comedy of the year.	An action comedy with unappealing characters and a fast pace that can't cover up its cynicism.	It's the kind of summer comedy that rolls in, makes a lot of people laugh and rolls on to video. It's been a good summer for that.	Though some of the caricatures wear thin, some of the acting rises to a high level.	With biting satire, plenty of subversive humor, and an unforgettable turn by Robert Downey, Jr., Tropic Thunder is a triumphant late Summer comedy.
A good movie but unlike Abrams first effort, it doesn't boldly go where no one has gone before.	The real revelation is Cumberbatch, who steals the show as the film's alluring yet evil antagonist.	People are unlikely to charge out of the cinema with quite the same level of glee as they did in 2009; but this is certainly an astute, exhilarating concoction.	Nearly as exciting and engaging as its predecessor, and just as supremely well crafted.	For two movies in a row now -- and possibly even more in the second than the first -- [Abrams has] caught some of the spark of the first Star Trek without either mimicking or desecrating the original.	Visually spectacular and suitably action packed, Star Trek Into Darkness is a rock-solid installment in the venerable sci-fi franchise, even if it's not as fresh as its predecessor.
An involving and skillfully mounted film from Korean filmmaker Bong Joon-Ho that's based on a true story.	The script is as sloppy as Song (Kang-ho)'s unkempt cop, sprinkled with intriguing ideas and imaginative details that, like the investigation, simply get lost in blind alleys.	Low-key, unassuming, and crafty in the way it slowly gets under your skin, Memories of Murder is a sly and smart thriller.	Manages to transcend the popular and cliched genre by focusing on the emotional toll dealing with such crimes has on the detectives.	Uneven movie has tonal problems.	Memories of Murder blends the familiar crime genre with social satire and comedy, capturing the all-too human desperation of its key characters.
A piece of pure storytelling.	Oscar-worthy.	Terrific sound design.	The Insider is an engaging, beautifully-paced drama that leaves most others like it looking silly and amateurish.	It has a buzz of excitement and complexity -- the sense that we're seeing the actual back-room decisions that affect lives.	Intelligent, compelling, and packed with strong performances, The Insider is a potent corporate thriller.
It's a journey that any fan of Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" Trilogy should enjoy.	The Hobbit may not be as memorable as the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but it's a mostly faithful adaptation that sticks to the same tones and themes of the source material.	The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey had me with the dulcet melancholy of displaced Dwarves, yearning to be home.	"Disappointing" isn't the same thing as "bad."	Peter Jackson's return to Middle Earth feels familiar and unfulfilling.	Peter Jackson's return to Middle-earth is an earnest, visually resplendent trip, but the film's deliberate pace robs the material of some of its majesty.
The movie could just be a two-hour lecture, but star Elkabetz and her brother Shlomi, who co-wrote and co-directed, make it into an affecting and even suspenseful human drama.	And you thought Sharia Law was the only thing liberal Western women had to fear.	Shlomi Elkabetz and his sister develop a strong narrative, free of melodrama. [full review in Spanish]	[Gett] is as tightly crafted as any courtroom thriller. The difference here is that what hangs in the balance is not guilt or innocence, freedom or the death penalty, but a very different kind of life sentence.	How this did not beat out "Ida" for Best Foreign Film at the Oscars last Sunday I will never understand.	On paper, GETT: The Trial of Viviane Amsalem might seem less than thrilling, but on the screen, it delivers two hours of nonstop, tightly wound, brilliantly acted drama.
Hansen-Love, who co-wrote the script along with her former-DJ brother Sven, zeroes in on the signature experiences of '90s club life with expert precision.	Though the film defines Paul's life by his relationships, Eden fails to muster the kind of emotional intensity its story dictates.	A subtle portrait of an EDM Adam, Eden is neither a star-is-born fable nor a soul-is-lost parable.	Eden is an inconsistent look at an artist's musical journey, although one that eventually finds its rhythm and thematic focus.	Eden's formless and lackadaisical narrative perfectly captures the feel of the '90s French House era, both its rise and inevitable fall from grace.	Eden uses 1990s club culture as the appropriately intoxicating backdrop for a sensitive, low-key look at aging and the price of pursuing one's dreams.
Movies, unlike plays, tend to be just about a very few things, or they feel rushed and overly sweeping, as this one occasionally did. Plays can linger and chew on their themes and keep the audience engaged much more easily.	During a mock-interview, Dorothy lays out the film's simultaneous awareness and exploitation of its own limits. 'Imagine how depressing it is to teach five centuries of masculine ineptitude.'	It's too bad that the film loses its way because The History Boys asks some interesting questions about what to learn and how to use it.	The History Boys is much less about lighting and composition than it is about Bennett's sharp, insightful script.	The play's the thing -- the only thing -- here	While not quite having the impact of its original stage version, The History Boys nevertheless is a witty and involving school drama.
A thrill, for the Shakespearean novice and expert alike.	Pacino has made an informative, engrossing and hugely enjoyable movie that stands as a work of pure entertainment, almost as powerful as its inspiration.	If you go to see it, hang in there and you will be rewarded with something special.	Pacino's first film as writer/director is a marvellously intelligent, witty and imaginative exploration of the problems faced by anyone wishing to act in Shakespeare or translate the plays to film.	The film is an effective ride, pulling you into the thrill of the production,inviting you to roll with the language, and demonstrating again Shakespeare's enduring kick.	Looking for Richard a smart, fascinating behind-the-scenes look at adapting Shakespeare.
What makes pic feel special is its unflinching honesty and lack of sentimentality or moralizing, along with assured direction and excellent perfs.	This is disturbing stuff, [but] unexpectedly hopeful in its outlook.	A step up from Step Up.	The film swims in an anguish not solely the result of Mia's coming of age -- and yet, it surfaces for air in ways compelling and uncompromising.	Fish Tank, a social drama at once bucolic and grimy, draws a magnificent performance from newcomer Katie Jarvis, who plays Mia, a fierce-tempered, beer-guzzling teenager.	Cannes Jury Prize-winner Fish Tank is gritty British realism at its very best, with flawless performances from newcomer Kate Jarvis, and Michael Fassbender.
Lassos midlife-crisis laughs; teens and up.	It goes downhill once Jack Palance exits, but the early scenes are still worth it.	ultimately harmless	"a pleasing way to polish off two hours"	Nifty drama about the life-changing experiences of some middle-aged men at a working dude ranch.	With a supremely talented cast and just enough midlife drama to add weight to its wildly silly overtones, City Slickers uses universal themes to earn big laughs.
An engrossing, well-directed war drama that will keep you at edge of your seat.	It's a little on the obvious side, not helped by an overweening musical score.	The movie immerses you in the consciousness of a restless boy desperate for initiation into the rest of his life.	Visually unremarkable, and worse than that when Koolhoven tries too hard: During a dramatic execution scene, the film shifts to slow-motion and the soundtrack becomes awash in angelic, choral harmonies; the effect is kitschy and bathetic.	Making an involving (and beautiful looking) feature film about teens in this now-distant period for a wide audience today is quite a feat . . in an exciting morality tale.	A gripping, handsomely shot World War II melodrama with thriller elements successfully mixed in.
Despite the sensationalism of Holy Father's arrival, the subtext here is that there's a speck on the map whose poor are treated as well as a backed-up john.	You'll certainly be rooting for Beto and his brood by the time the Popemobile rolls into town.	Watch it now, and you'll be surprised how such a little movie can cut so deeply to the bone.	It's charming in a proper way, entirely avoiding sentiment and can be counted one of the best films in town.	The Pope's Toilet cloaks religious critique in the scrappy tempo of irremediable poverty and irrepressible enterprise.	An offbeat charmer, The Pope's Toilet is a humorous, well-crafted tale with plenty of heart and a poignant social message.
Basically, this deeply unimaginative film is a feature-length advertisement for the NBA, sponsored by Nike.	An efficient, exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality, corny jokes and life lessons.	Like Mike isn't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has some cute moments, funny scenes, and hits the target audience (young Bow Wow fans) - with nothing but net.	A sure-fire heart-warmer: lively, funny yet emotion-charged and uplifting.	In the long, dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation, Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency.	A pleasant and innocuous diversion for kids, but adults may have trouble sitting through the movie's predictable plotlines and schmaltz.
Belly dancing isn't always the most thrilling of dances, but it's a blast to see these women shaking and rolling because they're so thoroughly in charge of the male clientele and their own sexuality.	Who'd have thought that Arabic Tunisia could produce such a sexy movie!	While the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface, it is Abbass' performance, as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer, that reveals the depths of her transformation.	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing.	A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story, but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at.	Abbass shines at the center of this sensuous and vibrant film.
While Salvation certainly isn't as bad as that first sequel, it still doesn't come near the sheer coolness of the first one.	Should they go back and make yet another Crow film, I suggest that they consider adding some originality.	Plenty of bad dialogue, zero originality or depth.	Although I wouldn't quite go so far as to recommend it, the movie does have a terrific look and some intriguing, albeit overly dramatic, acting.	A pleasingly low-budget demeanor.	The Crow: Salvation adds nothing new to the series and is plagued by bad acting and dialogue.
Talky and sometimes tedious.	If this is the supposed high point for the Star Trek movie series, it's still a low point for sci-fi.	Awesome Star Trek flick!	Still the best "Trek" film. KHAN!!!!	Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!	Considered by many fans to be the best of the Star Trek movies, Khan features a strong plot, increased tension, and a sharp supporting performance from Ricardo Montalban.
The movie is one big raging pile of macho steam-blowing. Maybe the participants got something out of their systems, but the result just feels like hot air.	Clever ideas and hilarious moments drown in a flood of violence and profanity.	The action is literally breathtaking . . . the interested viewer should check their brain at the door. Bad Boys II has nary an intelligent thought or realistic attitude about anything.	What carries the film is the comedic pairing of stars Will Smith and Martin Lawrence, who actually improve on their contentious oddball chemistry.	After viewing Bad Boys II I think the II in the title stands for II long, II loud, II dumb and II bad.	Two and a half hours of explosions and witless banter.
Ruddy hilarious. Just what big-screen comedy needed.	It's a flurry of good gags and bad. The good ones are worth sitting around for.	The funniest film of the year by a Norfolk mile.	A scissor-sharp comedy of ineptitude and failure.	Even audiences who've never heard of Alan Partridge (although they should have) will get a lot of laughs out of this.	The Alan Partridge movie ditches the TV series' nuanced humor for something broader, and succeeds in presenting the character on a global scale.
A keen adaptation of Ray Bradbury's novel by Truffaut; eerie in its simplicity and matter-of-factness about book burning and Big Brotherism.	What's actually indicted is the human inclination towards the easy.	This is how you adapt a literary classic to the big screen.	É trágico constatar que a visăo de Bradbury vem tornando-se cada vez mais real: a diferença é que, em vez de queimados, os livros vęm sendo simplesmente ignorados.	Holy smoke! What a pretentious and pedantic production he has made.	Fahrenheit 451 is an intriguing film that suffuses Truffaut's trademark wit and black humor with the intelligence and morality of Ray Bradbury's novel.
Gilliam has had a rough 10 years, but he's ended the decade with what is easily one of his seminal works. He has shown what imagination and storytelling means to him, and he's made one of his best films in the process.	Gilliam is concerned primarily with out-Gilliaming himself.	The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus is one of those movies that, despite spectacular elements, doesn't add up to a spectacular film.	What ifs and wherefores become irrelevant the minute you pass through Terry Gilliam's sparkly looking-glass.	Despite a shaky framework, the magic works. It's a chance to see Ledger one last time in the act of doing what he loved. Take it.	Terry Gilliam remains as indulgent as ever, but The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus represents a return to the intoxicatingly imaginative, darkly beautiful power of his earlier work, with fine performances to match all the visual spectacle.
It's hard to completely dislike a movie that has this many cheeky things to say about pay-to-play health care or our Chernobylized economy.	Chances are that, in our own dark future, this film will be remembered solely by virtue of its easy confusion with the immortal '80s punk comedy Repo Man.	Repo Men should have offered some lacerating satire, but the derivative filmmaking and reality-show dialogue take the heart right out of it.	If you're like me, and you once financed an entire Spring Break to Panama City Beach with Discover Card cash advances at 43 percent interest, then Repo Men will hit a little too close to home.	While Forest Whitaker's conflicted thug brings languid menace, there's little to up the tension. And among all the film's icky incisions, there's a feeling a better film is lying on the cutting room floor.	Repo Men has an intriguing premise, as well as a likable pair of leads, but they're wasted on a rote screenplay, indifferent direction, and mind-numbing gore.
May not be the first movie you think of when ticking off the list of Kurosawa's best films, but it is the one that stands defiantly as his deepest, best acted and most watchable.	A masterwork of burning social conscience and hard-eyed psychological realism.	This may be the definitive portrait of a man who, examining his life, discovers that it may not be worth living.	If you have never seen it, you should. If you have seen it before, your admiration will only increase.	Few actors besides Shimura, could pull off the older, round-shouldered protagonist's downcast face, later "unnatural" and scary to a young woman.	Ikiru is a well-acted and deeply moving humanist tale about a man facing his own mortality, one of legendary director Akira Kurosawa's most intimate films.
After 32 years, two sequels, and two prequels, The Exorcist remains an impossible act to follow.	Schrader's Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist may be slightly more literate than Harlin's dopey schlockfest, but this deadly dull and pretentious film is ultimately just as bad.	It's a good, thoughtful horror picture -- and thiiis close to being a very good one.	tiresome and humdrum instead of thrilling	an intriguing near-miss rather than the unintentional laugh-fest that Harlin's version proved to be	While director Schrader's attempt at a literate, internal exposition on evil temptations and human sin is admirable, this prequel suffers from hit-and-miss psychological tension, poor visual effects, and weak writing -- an overambitious failure of a horror movie.
The themes are intact, and for some fans of the original story, that should be all that matters.	The movie as a whole sometimes pushes its own limits and, truth be said, it is pretty sleazy at times. But, it's enjoyable in a trashy, Wild Things kind of way.	What an ingenious concept.	Witty, raunchy!	[This] 'guilty pleasure' ends guilty of not living up to its potential.	Even in a slick package and an attractive cast, the movie succumbs to bad acting and a bad script.
Black Snake Moan plays its grim subject matter for laughs, imitating the laugh-to-keep-from-crying quality of the blues tunes on its soundtrack.	I thought this thing was so bizarre and so strange -- kudos to everybody for going all the way with it.	Jackson's elegant performance gives the frequently tough to swallow story some credence.	Black Snake Moan strikes me as hogwash. It fundamentally does not work; its consciously far-fetched, out-there notions of the things damaged people do in the name of love are reductive and go only so far.	A fascinating, colourful, sometimes outrageous film that succeeds because it was built on a solid foundation.	Uninhibited performances, skillful direction, and a killer blues soundtrack elevate Black Snake Moan beyond its outlandish premise.
At an unsustainable 134 minutes, it's at least 20 minutes longer than it deserves to be.	Charlize Theron gives a stunning performance of writhing in agony which would work to great effect in a genuine horror film.	[Hackford] seems stuck in a private limbo, unable to decide whether he's making a special-effects flick or a pop-philosophical tract.	The worst thing about The Devil's Advocate is how it squanders the little chance that it had to be a truly creepy and engaging film.	Some movies seem to have been made for just one scene, and disappointingly, The Devil's Advocate is one of them.	Though it is ultimately somewhat undone by its own lofty ambitions, The Devil's Advocate is a mostly effective blend of supernatural thrills and character exploration.
The last great musical of classical era. Marni Nixon is brilliant.	My Fair Lady (1964) was experienced director George Cukor's film musical adaptation of George Bernard Shaw's 1912 play Pygmalion that had played successfully	Hepburn is clearly awkward as the Cockney Eliza in the first half, and in general the adaptation is a little too reverential to really come alive.	Well made musical, with more personal Cukor style and themes than is sometimes realized.	Este divertido musical conta com зtimas atuaушes do casal principal, belьssimos figurinos e maravilhosa direусo de arte.	Fans of the play may miss Julie Andrews in the starring role -- particularly when Marni Nixon's singing comes out of Audrey Hepburn's mouth -- but the film's charm is undeniable.
A marked improvement over its immediate predecessor, this film works as a fast and efficient thriller that offers a few great surprises along the way.	Much darker than the previous films, this third installment feels more like a horror flick set in amusement park than a good sci-fi adventure, though special effects, due to technology advances, are more sophisticated.	The Jurassic movies have by now palpably entered the plane of baldly profit-hunting, unpretentious entertainment...	The film is essentially an expensive slasher movie.	I'm grateful for movies that truly want to entertain, rather than drown the audience with special effects and marketing gimmicks.	Jurassic Park III is darker and faster than its predecessors, but that doesn't quite compensate for the franchise's continuing creative decline.
Achieves an incendiary level of power that has the ability to simultaneously anger and shock.	This is a story too big to even begin to comprehend, much less turn into a movie; still, by keeping the focus small, the filmmakers manage big impact.	A riveting, heart-rending and ultimately uplifting account of the human spirit's refusal to be extinguished...	The world stayed out of Rwanda for fear of doing an imperfect job. Bold filmmakers are at their best when they mature beyond that kind of paralysis.	It's a gut-twisting story handled, largely and predictably, with asbestos mitts.	A sobering and heartfelt tale about massacre that took place in Rwanda while most of the world looked away.
Rarely do Pixar films fall short of excellence, and Ratatouille is no exception.	A film as rich as a sauce béarnaise, as refreshing as a raspberry sorbet, and a lot less predictable than the damn food metaphors and adjectives all us critics will churn out to describe it. OK, one more and then I'll be done: it's yummy.	Ratatouille doesn't center on the over-familiar surfaces of contemporary life. It harks back to Disney's older era, when cartoons seemed part of a more elegant world with less edgy characters.	While others in the computer-animation field are obsessed with making backgrounds appear real, Pixar knows it is more vital to make the characters real.	How good, and how much fun, is Ratatouille? So good that when it was over, all I wanted to do was watch it again.	Fast-paced and stunningly animated, Ratatouille adds another delightfully entertaining entry -- and a rather unlikely hero -- to the Pixar canon.
Song of the Sea...is one of the most visually exciting and gorgeous films of the year.	Children who like bedtime stories of fairies and witches will find themselves in familiar but distinctive territory and are likely to be quickly caught up in the story which features plenty of laughter as well as a decent dollop of danger.	Moore is dealing with dark subject matter in playful and, at times, quite magical way.	A transcendent work from Ireland's Cartoon Saloon studio that's almost wasted on kids.	Visually splendid, but generically flat-footed, "Song of the Sea" is an animated fantasy that comes close to greatness, but is rarely as clever as it is comforting.	Song of the Sea boasts narrative depth commensurate with its visual beauty, adding up to an animated saga overflowing with family-friendly riches.
As a widespread social critique and a fatalistic exploration of romance's pitfalls, it resonates.	The best screen adaptation of Shakespeare's wonderful romance.	Romeo and Juliet (1968) is Florentine director Franco Zeffirelli's beautiful modern interpretation of Shakespeare's enduring, classic yet tragic love story of	Mostly it remains enjoyable for its color and visual flair.	... the excessive wailing of the ill-fated couple as they suffer all manner of ... set-backs made me want to turn them over my knee and 'give you something to cry about.'	The solid leads and arresting visuals make a case for Zeffirelli's Romeo and Juliet as the definitive cinematic adaptation of the play.
Humour is the unexpected bonus of this thrilling space rescue adventure that offers a bit of everything, as it keeps us on edge throughout	A highly engrossing and moving tribute to scientific ingenuity, the tenacity of the human spirit, and the trust in faith to see dark times through.	The Martian delivers on both intergalactic spectacle and feet-in-the-soil character drama.	"I'd love to tell you what the bet part of The Martian is, but it's all the best part."	"The Martian" is one of the straight-up geekiest movies you're ever likely to see, but also one of the most thrilling.	Smart, thrilling, and surprisingly funny, The Martian offers a faithful adaptation of the bestselling book that brings out the best in leading man Matt Damon and director Ridley Scott.
This 1981 release is one of Brian De Palma's more interesting and better-made thrillers, though it's even more abjectly derivative than his Hitchcock imitations.	Blow Out is not known as one of Brian De Palma's horror movies, but of all his films, it's the one that feels most like a nightmare.	An homage to Blow Up that far outstrips the original in emotional immediacy, political sophistication, and visual style.	The final moments of Blow Out are among the most shocking and powerful of De Palma's oeuvre, tacking a final note of irony onto a story that is in every other way a straightforward denunciation of power run amok.	If cynicism were a superhero franchise, Blow Out would be its origin story.	With a story inspired by Antonioni's Blow Up and a style informed by the high-gloss suspense of Hitchcock, DePalma's Blow Out is raw, politically informed, and littered with film references.
Everyone is now richer and better looking and it's a good deal cuter and more sentimental.	Nice as all this good food looks, we can't smell it, taste it or feel its textures in a movie, which usually leaves me hungry for something more substantial to sink my teeth into.	It doesn't have the freshness and inspiration of a gourmet meal, but it makes for a pretty decent reheated leftover.	It's predictable and safe, but taken on its own terms, No Reservations is also a likeable film.	No Reservations has no surprises, but it is lighthearted and loving enough to make up for it. It's one of those movies that is entirely predictable, yet, you don't care.	This romantic comedy may look good on paper, but it's too predictable and melancholy for the genre.
You may just want to unpack that suitcase after seeing Turistas, a shocking and genuinely terrifying trip into the jungles of Brazil even if it is low-budget and sometimes cheesy to it's core.	[Director] Stockwell delivers too little of the dread and titillation this genre prescribes.	If stupidity were a crime, the nitwits in the cheap horror flick Turistas would be doing time in Attica.	It would be one thing if Turistas were simply bad -- the real sin is that it's unimaginatively bad.	If you appreciate a decent thriller with equal parts bloodshed and adventure, you'll do fine with Turistas -- as long as you don't wander off.	Beautiful scenery and cinematography can't save Turistas from its wooden acting and stale and predictable plot.
For the first hour or so generates some heat, but at about the halfway point it fumbles badly and never recovers. Neither wins, places nor shows.	A better-than-expected parable -- inspired by actual events -- about the power and reach of corruption.	Maybe Al Pacino is losing his satanic touch.	The initial set-up is interesting enough but the film rapidly loses its way in the middle and ends up a horribly confused mess, with sub-plots and entire characters simply disappearing into thin air.	Two for the Money could be Exhibit A in a power-point presentation of When Good Movies Go Bad.	Despite its sportsmanlike swagger, Two for the Money's aimless plot isn't worth betting on.
If you can overcome Wilde's physical distractions, there's much to savour in a romance that plays out convincingly ...	The movie has a keen eye for the ways in which we sometimes resign ourselves to less-than-satisfying lives.	The entire film unfolds in a recognizable register of ominous hesitation; the results are a bit schematic but nevertheless hit on something real.	Drinking Buddies wasn't the worst I've seen from Swanberg (luckily no meandering-film-student feel to this one), but it wasn't very compelling or interesting either.	"Drinking Buddies" has a cleaner structure than Swanberg's earlier wanderings, but after several projects I still don't know what compels him as a filmmaker ...	Smart, funny, and powered by fine performances from Olivia Wilde and Jake Johnson, Drinking Buddies offers a bittersweet slice of observational comedy.
Maybe if Tarantino hadn't sprinted so hard early on, he wouldn't have run out of gas right when it mattered.	Michael Madsen, Daryl Hannah, and David Carradine are simply more fun to watch than Lucy Liu and Vivica A. Fox.	For nonfans, Vol. 2 will do little to make the characters more involving.	Those turned off by the first part's reckless, relentless violent purges aren't likely to find cause for conversion, but Vol. 2 certainly broadens the tale's remit, even as it aims to deepen it.	It's flawed but so audaciously unique that I can't imagine missing it if you love movies.	Talkier and less action-packed than Vol. 1, Kill Bill Vol. 2, nevertheless delivers the goods for those expecting a satisfying conclusion to this two-parter.
Intermittently amusing though sloppy around the edges, Black Knight makes a serviceable vehicle for Martin Lawrence's clowning.	A single fish-out-of-water joke told over and over again.	Is this a good movie? Surely, you jest.	It's simply not clever or imaginative enough in playing off the basic premise.	Moor is not better.	Black Knight feels like a lazily constructed movie, filled with lame gags and constant mugging from Lawrence.
A Zen-like experience of watchful compassion in deliberately challenging circumstances: trying to see and hear, without leaping to conclusions, the gathering troubles of a young woman living in hectic circles and with increasing self-absorption.	Gray has an artful, understated way of conveying what's going  on inside, often simply by focusing his camera on Kazan. And the actress has a unique capacity for projecting the complexity of feminine stillness.	The Exploding Girl is a film about the deceptiveness of surfaces, and it takes place in a small town that you eventually realize with a start is actually New York City.	A slow and tedious look at the emotional aimlessness of college kids leaves the audience without either direction or entertainment.	The camera loves Zoe Kazan in newcomer Bradley Rust Gray's mumblecore snooze fest.	Its languid pace and willfully understated narrative may test the patience of some viewers, but Bradley Rust Gray's gentle direction and a gripping performance from Zoe Kazan lend The Exploding Girl an appealing, melancholy beauty.
...a wonderful movie.	Though the film seems hurried in the last half hour -- most likely to get as much of the book covered as possible -- it still maintains a loveliness bridged by these two generations of Gangulis, whose disparate life experiences cannot bond them.	Sprawling but affecting family drama, marked by sensitive direction and fine performances.	This is a wonderful movie.	Director Mira Nair is in her element here, ... celebrating her native India and its cross-connections with America.	An ambitious exploration of the immigrant experience with a talented cast that serves the material well.
Gibson may not be much of a deep thinker, but he's a heck of a storyteller.	There's a savage magnificence to Apocalypto, with visuals worthy of Fellini or David Lynch, and the kind of relentless excitement that only a few filmmakers can deliver.	Gibson's film entertains without leaving the stronger impression of scope it had the intention and potential to do.	...beautifully rendered and convincingly exciting.	What Gibson really wants is to make your heart pound and your blood run cold. He succeeds on both counts, though not before roughly 45 minutes of self-parody.	Apocalypto is a brilliantly filmed, if mercilessly bloody, examination of a once great civilization.
John le Carré's 1974 novel - most famously served in the BBC's seven-part series with Alec Guinness in the Smiley role - is machine-tooled down to a lean two hours by Swedish director Tomas Alfredson.	I think I eventually put it all together in the end, but the picture makes this task neither easy nor particularly rewarding.	This is a thriller that you have to pay attention to. You will be rewarded for your efforts.	Right in line with Le Carre's books, this is long, slow, and convoluted, although it picks up a little in the last hour.	Irony and amusement flavors the disappointment and failure in spy country.	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a dense puzzle of anxiety, paranoia, and espionage that director Tomas Alfredson pieces together with utmost skill.
Rivette ... co-wrote Who Knows? with witty repartee and verbal encounters staged with effervescent amusement.	So pretentious, arch and spuriously clever that watching it almost makes your teeth ache.	This is the sort of comedy Robert Altman could only dream about.	Yet another long, meandering, talky French film may not be your first choice for escapist entertainment. But there's some terrific stuff in this one.	It will amuse if you patiently merge into its minuet of blithe contrivances.	Constructed with grace and wit, Va Savoir is a light-hearted yet cerebral romantic comedy of intertwining relations.
Allows the characters and relationships shine, but whales?	An effective and enjoyable sample of entertainment -- not good science fiction, but a lightweight piece of comic fantasy utilizing characters so familiar that they feel like old friends.	The plot is totally cornball but amazingly it works extremely well	The original cast appears to be having more fun than they ever had before.	...Kirk has finally reached his full lounge lizard potential (it's as if the comedy has freed him from his remaining inhibitions).	Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is perhaps the lightest and most purely enjoyable entry of the long-running series, emphasizing the eccentricities of the Enterprise's crew.
A good example of a talented filmmaker making a small miracle out of a film that was destined for drowning in mediocrity.	You'll probably guess most of the twists in the story, but you'll have fun watching them anyway. Voight's reptilian performance alone is worth the price of admission.	Coppola has never been particularly known for his comic touch, but here he seems bent on leavening the melodrama with as many laughs as possible, and they are generally honest and well-earned.	In the end, this is crowd-pleasing entertainment.	Despite Mr. Coppola's taste for moodier and more eclectic material, this mainstream opportunity pays off.	Invigorated by its talented cast and Francis Ford Coppola's strong direction, The Rainmaker is a satisfying legal drama -- and arguably the best of Hollywood's many John Grisham adaptations.
[Nelson] McCormick has crafted a horror remake so undistinguished it makes Prom Night look like a masterpiece of transgressive filmmaking.	There are some movies that should not be re-made. This is one of them, as proven by this updated, cliche-filled version which fails to build up the necessary tension and truncates the mystery.	The Stepfather is full of unintentional laughs, shameless plot contrivances and cheap scare tactics, but this adds to the fun once you've tapped into the risible nature of the production.	Wait till your father gets home... on DVD.	Uninspiring and, crucially, not all that scary. There are no attempts either to explore the killer's motivation and none of the original's black humour.	This tepid remake of the 1987 cult classic lacks the tension and satirical undercurrents of the original.
A waste of a decent premise.	Playful and energized enough to keep an audience guessing.	"Hamhanded teen-philosophy stuff about fate and death's design and living forever and nobody controls my destiny."	For a horror flick about precognition, Final Destination is sadly lacking in the ability to foresee what will thrill and chill audiences.	If you feel in the need for a generic teen horror film, there is no reason to choose this one over any of the others.	Despite a panel of X-Files' alums at the helm and a promising premise, flighty performances and poor execution keep Final Destination from ever taking off.
Apart from the score and the very occasional basic intertitle to help us along, all we see and hear is footage from the day. We're immersed in the present of this world.	[A] lean and deeply unsettling archival-footage documentary.	Let the Fire Burn is a time machine. It shows there are truths out there waiting to be found-that footage already shot can make history in all its terrible finality breathe.	The pure-archive approach leaves a taste of despair; civic governance, it seems, can't even promise not to kill you.	Jason Osder's riveting documentary chronicles the escalating confrontations between the Philadelphia police and the radical group Move.	Smartly edited and heartbreakingly compelling, Let the Fire Burn uses archival footage to uncover a troubling -- and still deeply resonant -- chapter in American history.
Eastwood makes some stylistic mistakes, but the strength of the underlying material comes through.	Letters From Iwo Jima is less interesting as the counter-perspective to last year's Flags of Our Fathers than it is as Clint Eastwood's effort to stake his own Japanese movie epic.	The unspoken message of the film is that war is a battle of competing symbols and ideologies that have no meaning. We create artificial divisions to hide the fact that we are all the same under the skin, with the same hopes, desires and fears.	[Director] Eastwood [shows] how people make impossible choices with dreadful repercussions.	Eastwood shows no signs of letting up. Having directed the last great western with 1992's Unforgiven, he now presides over one of the best war films of recent years.	A powerfully humanistic portrayal of the perils of war, this companion piece to Flags of our Fathers is potent and thought-provoking, and it demonstrates Clint Eastwood's maturity as a director.
Diamond Men is small, but certainly assured.	What this film does, which other genre movies often neglect to do, is remind us that we are all people who don't always act the way you'd think we should.	Watching Diamond Men, it's easy to see what the fuss about Forster is about.	A small, finely acted slice of American life.	Cohen doesn't fall into the Mamet trap of equating crafty salesmanship with macho flim-flam.	Robert Forster's tour-de-force performance, along with Daniel M. Cohen's sensitive direction and subtly shaded screenplay, brings rare heft to this mentor/protégé buddy film.
As much about sports trophies as a triumph over the racism and sexism of the time. And that rare film for children with problem-solving solutions other than violence, in a not always welcoming world.	[From] the second minute of the movie I knew every single thing that was going to happen and there was not a single surprise.	Director William Dear is not one to miss a sentimental beat.	There has been only one perfect game in the history of the Little League World Series, and the story is as unlikely and as perfect as any underdog sports-movie fairy tale.	This movie is what's known as family entertainment, which means in this case that it's interesting and harmless.	It's bogged down with an unfocused script and countless sports movie cliches, but The Perfect Game still manages to charm with its unabashed sweetness and a stirring final act.
Cinematic and wonderful on the big screen, this magnificent remake revisits the grandeur of the western, tossing around elements of morality in the melee of good pitted against evil... Russell Crowe is splendid.	Crowe and Bale deliver exactly as you'd expect. The actors are perfectly cast in their respective roles.	An edge-of-your-seat thriller with incredible performances by Bale, Foster and Crowe.	They don't make them like that anymore. But, hang on, they just did!	All too often the action will become a bewildering blur of staging rather than an enthralling construct of violence, increasing the already nagging chorus of logic gaps that do their best to undermine the film.	This remake of a classic Western improves on the original, thanks to fiery performances from Russell Crowe and Christian Bale as well as sharp direction from James Mangold.
This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?	Once Spielberg hits his stride the film never lets up	It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.	The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.	A serviceable but lackluster sequel that is more focused on excess (more deaths, more action) than it is on its characters.	The Lost World demonstrates how far CG effects have come in the four years since Jurassic Park; unfortunately, it also proves how difficult it can be to put together a truly compelling sequel.
Wanted's a corporate product, but, thankfully, it's an excellent one -- the two-fisted, double-barreled high-octane guilty pleasure summer action movie you've been waiting for.	How can a movie about assassins be so... inspiring?	Wanted is too bloody, too over the top, too silly, and too special effects driven. It's also excessively entertaining and fun.	A version of The Matrix that didn't bother to construct a thoughtful mythology for its universe, and a version of Shoot 'Em Up that plays it too straight.	Delivers slam-bang action entertainment, and does it while putting a surprising twist on the archetypal heroic journey.	Wanted is stylish, energetic popcorn fare with witty performances from Angelina Jolie (playing an expert assassin), James McAvoy, and Morgan Freeman that help to distract from its absurdly over-the-top plot.
"Cute and cuddly" pretty much sums up this canine caper - once you get past the idea of a lady looking to make a coat out of dalmatian puppies.	Dog-lovers, in particular, will go ga-ga for this, but this remarkably fresh and funny period tale (set in England, fact fans) has all the ebullience and lovability of its titular characters.	Disney doggie classic is spot-on entertainment for kids.	While not as indelibly enchanting or inspired as some of the studio's most unforgettable animated endeavors, this is nonetheless a painstaking creative effort.	Three hundred artists worked on this project for three years and came up with one of the best feature cartoons ever produced by Disney Studios.	With plenty of pooches and a memorable villain (Cruella De Vil), this is one of Disney's most enduring, entertaining animated films.
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is one big, fat guilty pleasure.	Unlike, say, American Pie 2 or the Scary Movie franchise, there's obvious intelligence at work behind the stupidity.	I can't imagine how Smith can capture a big enough audience to pay off this private joke, but the inner geek in me had too much fun to care.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is less a satire of the crass product Hollywood hurls at us than a reflection of it.	There are laughs to be sure, and that's all to the good, but the film is speaking to an audience that doesn't exist.	Fans can expect a good laugh as the cast from Smith's previous films reunite for Jay and Silent Bob's last bow. The loose plotting and crude language may be too much for others though.
Nicholson searches deep down within himself and comes up with a character whose furrowed brow says it all.	In its dark, relentless, devastatingly ironic way, The Pledge is an exhilarating movie, partly because it isn't afraid to be genuinely challenging.	Thoughtlessness is no excuse ... for so revolting a film that The Pledge ultimately is. I couldn't wait to get out of the theater just to get the stink of it off me.	After two honorable failures, Sean Penn makes quantum leap forward with an intriguing murder mystery that's also effective as a psychological character study. Nicholosn's riveting turn compensates for deliberate pacing and downbeat tone.	Absorbing dramatically and deeply committed to the acting processes of star Jack Nicholson and the raft of impressive players supporting him.	Though its subject matter is grim and may make viewers queasy, The Pledge features an excellent, subtle performance by Jack Nicholson.
Profoundly moving, profoundly shocking, profoundly important.	This is a beautifully crafted, hopeful movie.	A classic that stays with the audience long after the closing credits conclude.	Many (including me) might argue that, for all its excellence, Schindler's List isn't Spielberg's best movie, but it's certain to retain its standing as his most important.	Spielberg uses stark, brutal realism to put over his powerful points about racism and ethnic cleansing, and the use of stunning black-and-white photography and gritty hand-held camera footage give the film a potent documentary style.	Schindler's List blends the abject horror of the Holocaust with Steven Spielberg's signature tender humanism to create the director's dramatic masterpiece.
A lusty comedy-melodrama, loaded with bold, masculine humor and as much of the original's uninhibited earthiness as good taste and the Production Code permit.	The thing that will stay with you about this one is clearly William Holden's performance.	Unforgettable Billy Wilder POW tale with Holden in perhaps his greatest role.	In the end, Stalag 17's irreverence likely didn't revolutionize moviemaking for adults so much as it paved the way for the likes of M*A*S*H and Animal House. Then again, that alone is an achievement worth celebrating.	The prison story had an offbeat flavor that was pleasing.	Stalag 17 survives the jump from stage to screen with flying colors, thanks to Billy Wilder's typically sterling direction and a darkly funny script.
Mr. Gutierrez, as suggested by all the décolletage, appears to be a breast man. Too bad he didn't set his sights higher.	It's not pornography, but it evokes that same uneasy feeling that you're watching something that's so wrong but so right at the same time.	At a particularly rundown corner of Almodóvar Boulevard and Tarantino Lane, you'll find Women in Trouble, a limp, forgettable collection of interlocking tales all centering on the eponymous narrative setup.	It's a film with undeniably gorgeous parts that never quite develops into a sum.	Unfortunately, while it is a great idea for a sketch, or a web series, it's not a movie length idea.	Sebastian Gutierrez certainly has an eye for the beauty of the female form, but Women in Trouble lacks a compelling script or point of view to go with its curvaceous visual appeal.
What should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for Wilco fans ended up becoming a smart, involving, and occasionally infuriating film	As a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art, it's priceless.	If you aren't already a fan of Wilco, a critical darling led by the talented and wily songwriter Jeff Tweedy, the film does little to enlighten or recruit.	Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco's last album?	The concert footage is stirring, the recording sessions are intriguing, and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers.	Besides being a treat for Wilco fans, I Am Trying to Break Your Heart also exposes the workings of a profit-driven music industry.
Proefibikon prodiagrafon astynomiki peripeteia, me yperanalytiko epanalambanomeno senario anamenomenis plokis, tigka sta ftina kolpakia toy montaz gia petyhei ayto to cool binteoklipistiko	What is it good for? Absolutely nothing.	Considering the extent of action/fight/chase/shootout and stunts, the film seems to drag a bit. But then I like my action films to have good stories and interesting characters.	The story is threadbare...	A generic action flick made much worse by a couple of ridiculous plot twists that are disingenuous and a total rip-off, ruining what little fun it otherwise would have been.	Jet Li and Jason Statham find themselves on opposing sides in the immensely boring War, which is full of clichйs but short on action.
The social commentary is subtle but touches on disappearing craft production and the rise of consumerism, and the modern world's increasingly tenuous connection to the land ...	A likable, if sentimental movie.	Superb star turn from Maria Alexandra Lungi but this doesn't grip as it might.	The plot may be gossamer-thin but the characters are sturdily drawn and life on the farm engrossingly evoked.	...it's clearly an admirably personal piece of work, but one that ultimately walks in the footsteps of too many others for us to really take it into our hearts.	The Wonders offers a charming coming-of-age tale that doubles as a quietly effective tribute to a vanishing way of life.
One of the most important horror films ever made	A movie that makes sense only to the eye (and even then . . .).	An eye-popping maelstrom of visual excess.	A get-under-your-skin makes no sense classic with some of the scariest images ever put on film.	On the one hand, it's just pure Argento, but, on the other, even for Argento, there's nothing quite like it.	The blood pours freely in Argento's classic Suspiria, a giallo horror as grandiose and glossy as it is gory.
The film seems unfocused at times, but on reflection, stands out as an unusually sensitive and honest view of teen sexuality, straight or gay.	"Nico and Dani" is refreshing after the lowbrow sniggering found in American teen sex comedies.	A highly enjoyable, extremely sensual coming of age film	Gay deftly explores the casual experimentation between the two boys.	Touching, funny, unflinching and true.	Nico and Dani offers a refreshingly honest look at adolescence and sexual coming-of-age.
[Blu-ray Review] Looking and sounding like a million bucks (or more) and full of exhaustive bonus content new and vintage, the Blu-ray release of "The Jungle Book" is a must-own for anyone who loves animation, the Walt Disney studio, or film in general.	Disney's grandniece recently cast aspersions on the picture, but I don't share her pessimism.	Whatever it lacks in heroic reach it more than makes up for in sociable personality and devastatingly expressive animation from the Disney masters, making it an underground classic that's impressively stood the test of time.	Every one of the bunch is memorable, and each plays gracefully into the action of the film.	Ridiculously entertaining.	With expressive animation, fun characters, and catchy songs, The Jungle Book endures as a crowd-pleasing Disney classic.
False picture of early talkie era is not nearly as good as its reputation.	People who say they don’t like musicals should watch Singin’ in the Rain, and find out how sweet eating one’s words can be.	Come rain or shine, the Hollywood musical never got any better than this rip-roaring Stanley Donen/Gene Kelly classic.	In every department it is virtually flawless.	A rare musical whose story -- scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green -- is just as good as the songs.	Clever, incisive, and funny, Singin' in the Rain is a masterpiece of the classical Hollywood musical.
Too convoluted and tedious to retain the interest of its audience or garner their laughs.	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television.	Death to Smoochy has some of the same determinedly twisted, tumbleweed energy as [DeVito's] The War of the Roses and Throw Mama From the Train. What it lacks, though, is real wit.	DeVito has a knack for the material, and it's his ability to balance the toxic goofball heart of American television with complicated adult conflicts, particularly revenge, that brings Resnick's script to life.	Helmer DeVito...attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics, payola, vice, murder, kids' TV and revenge.	The talent involved can't save a script that has nowhere to go with its promising premise.
This is one of my favorite movies of all-time.	Even Cruise can't capsize Cameron Crowe's entertaining romantic drama.	Exceptional.	One of those tempting sugar confections you devour halfway through before recognizing the strange new taste sensations at the center.	Director Cameron Crowe has written and directed a deft, funny, shamelessly upbeat romantic comedy and to top it all drawn out the finest performance of Tom Cruise's career.	Anchored by dazzling performances from Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding Jr., and Renée Zellweger, as well as Cameron Crowe's tender direction, Jerry Maguire meshes romance and sports with panache.
It's a pity: with a little more craft, this could have been a tropical noir with a heart.	...fatally unaware of its own incoherence - both in terms of narrative and character.	The curious thing about the whitewashing accusations against Aloha is that it completely ignores the movie's most genuine theme: white guilt.	Aloha has elements of Cameron Crowe's best work, but poor storytelling results in a film that's more perplexing than charming.	At least this feels like a Cameron Crowe movie.	Meandering and insubstantial, Aloha finds writer-director Cameron Crowe at his most sentimental and least compelling.
To the director's credit, what could have been a clinical study or fact-based medical case instead unfolds as a touching coming of age tale focusing on the tender romantic angle.	Despite its sometimes creepy tentativeness, XXY succeeds as a meditation on gender and sexuality, one that refuses an easy answer to the question, 'Is it a boy or a girl?'	A quietly impressive first feature from novelist and documentary maker Lucia Puenzo.	There's a secret at the heart of XXY, but the real mystery is why writer-director Lucía Puenzo insists on unnecessary symbolic gestures for a story otherwise told with delicacy, restraint, and maturity.	Under Puenzo's attentive yet strangely enervated direction, there's not much dramatic urgency here.	This sharp directorial debut by Lucia Puenzo treats the challenging subject of intersexuality with intelligence and sensitivity.
Corazón de Caballero no aspira al Oscar; se trata de una realización netamente con la marca de Hollywwod. Pero sin duda es un buen producto.	A reasonably good time and a novel experiment, and nary a whit beyond.	A rousing, rollicking mix that makes cheering for this populist knight easy, self-indulgent fun.	Features one jousting match after another until you begin to think that they completely forgot to edit the movie at all.	What a great idea to plunder the history books (and Renaissance airs) and single out a now-defunct sport like jousting.	Once you get past the anachronism, A Knight's Tale becomes a predictable, if spirited, Rocky on horseback.
The film fails as a personal diary due to Fleck's unflappable aloofness, and the performance footage is rendered unsatisfying by frequent interjections of expository material or cutaways to seaside B-roll that seems photographed for tourist brochures.	A beautiful illustration of powerlessness in the face of art.	All the jams are fabulously stirring but not sappy, especially when Fleck duels with a Gambian man on a three-string akonting (forefather to the banjo), but there's nothing more to the film.	It reminds us that, in some of the most remote places in the world, people make beautiful music not as a means to fame and fortune but for a daily source of love and nourishment, like family, food and prayer.	Fleck speaks more with his fingers than in conversation, and the pure musician-to-musician communications joyfully cross language barriers and instrument differences.	Throw Down Your Heart is an exuberant musical journey with an edge of sadness.
In his severity, Cronenberg disrupts the audience's immersion in a story that might have become a landmark tale of corruption and conscience...	Its subtext, which is about sex and violence and the way one often dovetails with the other, and the skill of its making, render it gripping enough.	Love him or hate him, no one makes movies quite like David Cronenberg, a man who can take an otherwise cut-rate Russian mob thriller and turn it into something absolutely fascinating.	Mortensen, lean and muscular and moving like a prowling tiger, gives a subtle portrayal of a man struggling with his conscience.	London as a murky wood filthy with wolves.	David Cronenberg triumphs again, showcasing the Viggo Mortensen's onscreen prowess in a daring performance. Bearing the trademarks of psychological drama and gritty violence, Eastern Promises is a very compelling crime story.
When one of the last sounds you hear in a work of family entertainment is a Great Dane passing gas, there's only one conclusion to be drawn. The movie hates your family.	Bland sitcom romp based on the long-running comic strip features wisecracking canines in a beach-set family story.	Kids love dogs and fart jokes. The goods are being delivered to the target audience. All others should look away.	This is another opus to take that small, well-trodden step from the funny pages to the big screen. But we're in live-action territory here, meaning that real people actors compete for camera time with real dog actors.	America's favorite Great Dane is more "O.C." than "Lassie."	Dull and unfunny, Marmaduke offers family filmgoers little more than another round of talking animals and scatological humor.
The viewer is not transported to the magical, complex and elaborate kingdom of Alagaësia of the book, but rather is merely observing action scene followed by action scene.	Fears that Fangmeier's debut would be the sequel to Dragonheart nobody wanted prove unwarranted. It's the sequel to BloodRayne that nobody wanted.	First-time director Stefan Fangmeier does a good job overseeing the look and pacing of the film, but often seems to neglect more humdrum details like plotting and dialogue.	The effects are impressive but the script, acting and direction are desperately dull.	In truth, astute viewers may note a more-than-passing resemblance to Star Wars...	Written by a teenager (and it shows), Eragon presents nothing new to the "hero's journey" story archetype. In movie terms, this movie looks and sounds like Lord of the Rings and plays out like a bad Star Wars rip-off. The movie spins the tale of a peasant boy who is suddenly entrusted with a dragon and must, with the help of a mentor, train, grow strong, and defeat an evil emperor. The way the critics picture it, the makers of Eragon should soon be expecting an annoyed phone call from George Lucas.
It delivers enough action to entertain the masses while offering a little substance for more thoughtful moviegoers.	...done with such remarkable visual style, you might not notice its want of substance.	An entertaining adaptation of the classic comic book, boasting excellent special effects and sets.	The film's ambition and energy level smooths over many of the rough spots.	Stylish but redundant.	Faithful to the comics and filled with action, X-Men brings a crowded slate of classic Marvel characters to the screen with a talented ensemble cast and surprisingly sharp narrative focus.
An entertaining thriller that falls short of being clever, but makes up for it with style and interesting characters.	The more you let the niggling questions go, the better Lucky Number Slevin gets.	Smilovic's rapid-fire, Tarantino-esque dialogue is consistently razor-sharp, and the elaborate set design -- which leans heavily towards shiny, riotously patterned wallpaper -- is an eyeball-jangling blast.	It finally all makes sense after a fashion, and I think and hope that you will be entertained by all the narrative legerdemain.	The fist half hour of this film is so promising that I'm almost willing to ignore the mess that follows. Almost.	Trying too hard to be clever in a Pulp Fiction kind of way, this film succums to a convoluted plot, overly stylized characters and dizzying set design.
People who haven't read the book will see a charming account of a man who will forever be a football legend, because he was witty and smart in a world dominated by money-grabbing dullards.	A colourful script, gorgeously cinematic direction and blistering central performance by Sheen make this one of the most entertaining biopics in recent memory. And it's definitely not just for football fans.	A fairly standard and straight-forward biopic, but Sheen just has a way of personifying these public figures [and it's] another role perfectly suited for him.	Fascinating storytelling, beautiful cinematography and the most complex and riveting lead characters imaginable.	What vaults the film above the standard sports movie is the stellar performance by Michael Sheen.	Better than your average football pic, Damned United is carried by another star turn from Michael Sheen as Brian Clough.
A triumphant lark.	There's not a lot to it really--no deep underlying message other than an exploration of women's roles in society at the time.	Right from the start, it's easy to think, 'Well, poor Miss Pettigrew. She may have lived for a day, but let's hope that she and everyone with her passes by nightfall. Certainly, they will have worn themselves out by then.' And then there's a shift.	Plays like a breeze and ends before we know it. In the current state of cinema, all we can hope for is one like this per year.	The film substitutes speed for camaraderie and cleverness.	Miss Pettigrew is a breezy period comedy carried by the strong performances of Amy Adams and Frances McDormand.
To Be Takei is a celebration of a man of great resilience, infectious humor, a voracious appetite for the richness of the human experience, and the best laugh in the history of laughing.	The doc works best as a relationship study, filled with endearing moments of intimate bickering.	Despite a slightly meandering structure, To Be Takei is a highly entertaining and moving portrait.	Another pleasant if disposable portrait.	Can be more of a platform than a chronicle; its look at homophobia and gay marriage is a bit earnest and over-explained. Still, Takei provides a sharp lens through which to see ethnic and sexual minorities' progress in America's post-'50s popular culture.	To Be Takei rests almost entirely on its subject's inherent likability -- and, for the most part, that's more than enough.
The Dardennes are masters of their brand of realist cinema. Over the years, the brothers' move from documentaries to narrative features has been handsomely rewarded.	Lorna's Silence feels like a refinement, even a repetition, of earlier themes. But the brothers are repeating themselves at such a high level that the redundancies are more than welcome.	Se fascina por sua abordagem narrativa realista, o frágil roteiro dos Dardenne acaba comprometendo o resultado final.	Clever and affecting	A passionate exploration by the Dardenne brothers into greed and the power of men to do endless harm in the context of international politics.	Subtle and emotionally bleak, this gripping thriller features the Dardenne brothers' recognizable penchant for realism and very strong performances.
Sentimental without becoming sticky, with a cheeky undertone that helps to moderate the sweetness...those who try it will probably be dazzled by the technique.	Charming, warming fable.	This is a perfect family film from someone who isn't known for that sort of thing.	Reveals what it means to be truly spiritual in a world in which religion is too often used as a smokescreen for bigotry and intolerance.	Danny Boyle's heart is in the right place and there are some fun moments, but it can't quite overcome its inherent flaws as a slightly over manipulated work	A charming children fable even adults can enjoy.
Filme amalucado, mas com grande espírito de diversăo. É incrível que o filme consiga estabelecer tamanha empatia por seus heróis, já que estes săo imbecis e só fazem besteira.	It made me yearn for the golden era of January, when Slackers was released.	This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material.	Good, fun comedy that finds humor in personality and avoids scraping the bottom of the comedic barrel.	...doesn't have enough plot or successful jokes to keep it afloat.	A more-miss -than-hit affair, Super Troopers will most likely appeal to those looking for something silly.
The surprise of the season. Balboa is back, and if this truly is the finale, he's going out like a champ.Rocky will have you cheering all over again.	Touchingly nostalgic, the sixth chapter in the saga of Sylvester Stallone's eternal underdog packs a far more powerful punch than anyone would have expected.	Realizando seu melhor trabalho como diretor desde sua estrйia na funзгo no уtimo Rocky II, A Revanche, Sylvester Stallone volta sua atenзгo para o desenvolvimento dos personagens, alcanзando уtimos resultados.	... just another who-needs-it sequel preaching to the choir. It's no knockout, but at least it's better than Rocky V.	Rocky se retira con dignidad en este broche de oro de una saga que %u2013con sus puntos altos y bajos- debe considerarse un triunfo personal en la carrera de Sylvester Stallone.	Implausible but entertaining and poignant, Rocky Balboa finds the champ in fighting form for the first time in years.
A winning directorial debut for Patricia Cardoso, who gracefully brings to the screen George LaVoo and Josefina Lopez's adaptation of Lopez's popular 1990 play.	While "Real Women Have Curves" suffers from an obvious and simplistic screenplay, it's a bright looking, well-acted charmer.	It's so filled with cliches and stiff acting that it becomes hard to find anything notable except for its subject matter.	Expect no major discoveries, nor any stylish sizzle, but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women.	A real movie, about real people, that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know.	Even though Real Women is another coming-of-age tale, it's a real charmer.
Not much here for the adults but the small frys will like the quick dialogue and the stop-motion animation.	A very rare example of a non-Pixar/Aardman kiddie pic that adults might enjoy more than the youngsters.	In its simplicity, this film is to Pixar what the old hand-drawn Charlie Brown cartoons were to Disney.	Hoodwinked may be a poor cousin to the Shrek franchise, but this made-on-the-cheap computer-animated feature still has more style and snarky gags than Disney's recent CG hit, Chicken Little.	At least Hoodwinked is fun to look at when nondescript musical numbers or uninspiring characters fail to please.	This fractured fairytale doesn't have the wit or animation quality to compete with the likes of the Shrek franchise.
Regrettably, and despite a lot of effects -- including those watery tentacles he seems so fond of -- Kelly delivers a Big Reveal that is, frankly, boring.	A certain faecal word certainly sums up the artistic merits of The Box, a tedious and often excruciating production from Donnie Darko director Richard Kelly.	A lot of stuff about Nasa, Mars exploration and amateur theatre - Sartre's Huis Clos and its glowing chestnut adages ("Hell is other people") - add to the film's richness or, depending on opinion, its overcooked confusion.	...promises more than it delivers, ultimately providing a muddled narrative that does nothing to convince us of its moral positions.	Both its imagination and its ambition sprint far beyond anything offered in the creatively neutered likes of Disney's A Christmas Carol or Law Abiding Citizen.	Imaginative but often preposterous, The Box features some thrills but largely feels too piecemeal.
Call me a drongo, but this really is quite watchable (yes, I've seen it more than once).	Other than The Wizard of Oz, no Hollywood musical is as familiar, reassuring, and beloved of all ages... Andrews anchors the film... her sincerity is absolute.	It's a bulldozer of a musical, plowing straight through things like taste, restraint, grace, and style in favor of big, big, and more big.	Arguably the best screen adaptation of a stage musical that has yet been made, and certainly the most improved over its source material.	Every audience sniffle and tear has been taken into account.	Unapologetically sweet and maybe even a little corny, The Sound of Music will win over all but the most cynical filmgoers with its classic songs and irresistible warmth.
There are, in fact, a great many good things to look at in the film. But they don't add up to anything very impressive. I came away with the feeling I had been shown somebody's family-snapshot album with all the pictures pasted up in the wrong order.	This film is yet another classic of American Cinema.	That lasting popularity isn't a fluke; the "Godfather" films stand the test of time because these aren't just movies, they're cultural touchstones.	It delves deeper into the Corleone mythology, past the romanticism, to deliver an epic and intelligent tragedy.	This is quite simply one of the saddest movies ever made, a tale of loss, grief and absolute loneliness, an unflinching stare into the darkest moral abyss.	Drawing on strong performances by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, Francis Ford Coppola's continuation of Mario Puzo's Mafia saga set new standards for sequels that have yet to be matched or broken.
The action flows thick and fast, but so much of what drives the film happens beneath the surface.	The sense of discovery in watching Barkhad Abdi is one of the most pleasurable aspects of the movie.	The denouement is one of the most powerful stretches of film you'll see all year. Such derivations from formula make the film an affecting experience.	Captain Phillips puts names and faces to its tale of economic clashes. That's why Hanks' and Abdi's performances are so anchoring. Their characters face off, negotiate, cajole each other not as archetypes but as humans.	This is acting of the highest order in a movie that raises the bar on what a true-life action thriller can do.	Smart, powerfully acted, and incredibly intense, Captain Phillips offers filmgoers a Hollywood biopic done right -- and offers Tom Hanks a showcase for yet another brilliant performance.
Another piddling blockbuster with delusions of 'darkness'	(Gore)Verbinski and (Johnny)Depp, saving the best for a stupendous effects-enhanced final (don't count on it) battle, really dock this franchise with a flourish.	It won't matter whether you've seen the first two Pirates movies or not. You'll still be confused.	The best in the series.	Buoyed by luck, comedy and state-of-the-art special effects, it has not only survived the journey intact, it's also washed down its decks, ready for a whole new cycle of movies to begin.	POTC: AWE provides the thrilling action scenes, but mixes in too many characters with too many incomprehensible plot threads.
Canine charmers fill the screen in 'Hotel for Dogs,' but the heartwarming relationship between a brother and sister gives this movie its greatest appeal	Hotel for Dogs is light entertainment with plenty of dog action for adults an kids alike.	Adapted from Lois Duncan's popular children's book, it's doggie-thumbs up to this fresh and breezy family-friendly film that not only tells its delightfully inventive story well, but is ultra cute to boot	It's like flipping through five years of dog calendars.	Parental Content Review	Hotel for Dogs may appeal to children and dog lovers, but it's ultimately contrived, predictable, and simplistic.
Though flawed, the Generation-X romantic comedy offers appealing characters and quite a few legitimate laughs.	Smith's most provocative outing yet and certainly the toughest to forget.	Utilises the same sharp - sometimes sick - observational humour and ear for dialogue that made Clerks such an indie gem.	Smith isn't just fooling around anymore.	...Smith makes raw and naturalistic, highly verbal films full of frank talk about sex; making the audience uncomfortable is part of the point.	Chasing Amy explores gender roles, sexual mores, and the limits of friendship with a mixture of sensitivity, raw honesty, and director/screenwriter Kevin Smith's signature raunchy humor.
Apollo 18 is presented with winning earnestness.	Even with effective atmosphere, a couple of jump scares and a spooky premise, Apollo 18 simply falls apart in the end.	For the most part, alas, this only goes to show that in space, no one can hear you yawn.	[N]ot scary. It's not intense. It's not surprising. It's supposed to be all these things and fails completely... It doesn't even work on the limited scale of its own merits.	Apollo 18 always seems like an attempt at a scary movie edited by scary movie-makers, rather than an actual document from the NASA vaults.	A boring, suspense-free Paranormal Activity rip-off that feels long even at just 90 minutes.
This all-star open-mike night loses its luster before its own loud laughter dies down.	Frequently amusing documentary with an impressive array of talking heads, though the joke wears thin way before the end of the film.	A joyful film, full of men and women alight with the pleasure that comes from negating every compliment civilization has ever paid itself.	The film has the feel of a long and fascinating chat rather than a formal thesis. But if it feels a little self-congratulatory at times, that's a small price to pay.	Take the very sound advice of this film's executive producer and don't see this movie if you've ever been offended by a word.	Can a joke stand up to repeated tellings? Hilarious and revealing of the way comedy works, The Aristocrats demonstrates that it's possible.
As plentiful and punny as the host of biological jokes are, the whole animated crime caper plays like a Cartoon Network show you have to shell out $9 to see.	Osmosis is missing a spark.	The detail-oriented writing that went into the endo-plotline more than make up for any mild deficiencies in the exo-plot.	For the most part, it works because of its own visual inventiveness and the complete lack of pride on the part of both Murray and Elliott.	It's entertaining stuff, and the unintentional topicality adds spice.	The animated portion of Osmosis is zippy and fun, but the live-action portion is lethargic.
A little more sophistication would have been no bad thing -- but a good script keeps it zipping along.	The most commercially popular of 1985.	Crispin Glover and Christopher Lloyd are both standouts.	Zemeckis' popcorn classic combines watertight scripting with broad but brilliant performances, all held together by Fox's stumbling charm.	an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz	Inventive, funny, and breathlessly constructed, Back to the Future is rousing a time-travel adventure with an unforgettable spirit.
it feels like a fever dream, but moves forward with the churning internal logic and dogged persistence of a mystery-thriller	Folman's use of animation permits an audience to engage with the events, such as they are recalled, in a way that the simple testimony of those involved could not achieve.	A wholly original and emotionally devastating animated documentary confessional.	Folman is an Israeli documentarian who has not worked in animation. Now he uses it as the best way to reconstruct memories, fantasies, hallucinations, possibilities, past and present. This film would be nearly impossible to make any other way.	Ari Folman's brilliant, powerful film raises some universal questions, and some questions specific now to Israel. This is one of the outstanding films of this year.	A wholly innovative, original, and vital history lesson, with pioneering animation, Waltz With Bashir delivers its message about the Middle East in a mesmerizing fashion.
An amateur-hour ordeal.	While there are a number of clever moments, they aren't enough to keep the movie entertaining throughout.	I should have spent my nine dollars on a rental of SUPER TROOPERS and a six pack of beer, rather than have my enthusiasm for Broken Lizard's future outings tarnished.	Ten Little Indians is savagely manhandled by five little lizards.	A pretty creative conceit and often quite funny and creepy, to boot.	Comedy is too hit-or-miss is this slasher spoof.
Makes for an intriguing if dispassionate fit.	Even when it twists back to Hitchcockland, there's more than enough lingering spookiness about a culture's dependence on prescription drugs and psychiatry to wrench Side Effects away from being a mere trickster-tale.	Like Magic Mike, Side Effects is enlivened by Soderbergh's jazzy style and laidback moralism, bringing to mind the work of another connoisseur of genre, Robert Altman.	Side Effects is a cracking thriller that ranks amongst Soderbergh's best, featuring electric performances by Rooney Mara, Jude Law, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Channing Tatum.	It starts out as one type of film and ends up as another, and manages the transition seamlessly.	A smart, clever thriller with plenty of disquieting twists, Side Effects is yet another assured effort from director Steven Soderbergh.
There are a few hilarious moments, and a few more that are foolish and even disgusting.	Kevin Kline won the Supporting Actor Oscar for this funny and enjoyable farce, based on original script by John Cleese and Charles Crichton	The movie's basic joke holds that the overbearing, unselfconscious Americans will do anything and say anything (and usually as loudly as possible), while the timorous British are nearly too polite to breathe.	Crime caper with a wicked edge. Not for kids.	Sweet, and almost as much fun as Fierce Creatures.	Smartly written, smoothly directed, and solidly cast, A Fish Called Wanda offers a classic example of a brainy comedy with widespread appeal.
I didn't have a date by my side, but I know a Bruised Forearm Movie when I see one, and I'm happy to report that Slither is the genuine article.	Director James Gunn has infused Slither with a wicked sense of parody while still crafting a clever, maniacally paced twist on B-movie slimefests.	This writing-directing debut from the guy who concocted that rip-off known as Dawn of the Dead isn't that scary, and it isn't nearly as funny as he seems to think it is.	Gunn doesn't reinvent the wheel but he does tighten its spokes a bit with some terrifying sequences and a witty, deadpan screenplay.	Gunn has made a love letter to these horror invasion flicks of the 1980s, and it's name is Slither.	A slimy, B-movie homage oozing with affection for low-budget horror films, Slither is creepy and funny -- if you've got the stomach for it.
It's quite good, for what it is. But it's that "for what it is" part that proves slightly exasperating.	In case you hadn't noticed yet, Oscar Isaac is the real deal.	[Isaac's] coiled, charismatic performance strongly evokes Al Pacino as the young Michael Corleone, and Chandor's intelligent screenplay turns on a similar dilemma of how to maintain one's personal ethics in a cutthroat environment.	"A Most Violent Year" crackles with good acting, but fizzles from its slow pacing.	The performances are memorable. Isaac uses understatement with the appropriate emotional outburst and Chastain is the film's firecracker.	Gritty, gripping, and weighted with thought-provoking heft, A Most Violent Year represents another strong entry in writer-director J.C. Chandor's impressive filmography.
Maguire and Gyllenhaal give honest performances, though they don't really convince as blood. Carey Mulligan, our own current darling, makes a brief but telling appearance as a war widow.	As rowdy, democratic and open-ended as a Robert Altman saga, Brothers breathes life into the clichés surrounding traumatised vets.	If you like drama with big showdowns and plenty of heartbreak, there's plenty to enjoy here.	Brothers is a heartbreaking film that speaks to the lifelong aftershocks of war, and to the powerful bonds of family and of love.	In its attempt to examine the war on terror through the lens of family struggles, Brothers occasionally works. Ultimately, however, it fails in two respects.	It plays more like a traditional melodrama than the Susanne Bier film that inspired it, but Jim Sheridan's Brothers benefits from rock-solid performances by its three leads.
In terms of Jim Henson-style wonderment and overall cleverness, "Muppets from Space" comes up short. It's entertaining enough, but lacks the magic the Muppets are so skilled at summoning.	Some of the jokes might aim a bit too high for the youngsters, but don't worry--Pepe the Prawn in a ballerina outfit is just around the corner.	The Muppets are still a pure delight to watch, and this is the best post-Henson movie they've produced.	Let me make things clear: I still like the Muppets, but an increase in quality is in serious need.	The litmus test is whether kids will enjoy it and I'd imagine that they will.	If Muppets from Space lacks the magic and wit of its cinematic predecessors, this pleasingly silly space romp is funny and clever enough to make for better-than-average family entertainment.
What Haynes does is take away the reassuring segues that argue everything flows and makes sense, and to show what's really chaos under the skin of the film.	I'm Not There has epic length, but it's one bad idea after another.	I'm Not There would make a fine exercise for graduate school analysis. I'm just not sure how well it works as a movie.	I think it's really interesting stuff and I enjoyed every aspect of it.	An extraordinary attempt to encapsulate the many faces of Bob Dylan that plays better to the convert than the sceptic. Like the nasal twang of the man in question, the film finally beguiles more than it irritates.	I'm Not There's unique editing, visuals, and multiple talented actors portraying Bob Dylan make for a deliciously unconventional experience. Each segment brings a new and fresh take on Dylan's life.
Explorers,' which is lively but largely familiar until the point when it reaches its batty pinnacle, frequently shows off Mr. Dante's sense of humor to good advantage.	Explorers remains a hopelessly schizophrenic film, obscenely eager to compromise its own originality.	An enjoyable, quintessentially 1980s science-fiction adventure, full of wit and crafty pop culture references.	The birth of fanboy culture?	A family feature on Acid. What a strange, strange film.	With a terrific young cast (including Ethan Hawke and River Phoenix) and some typically energetic work from director Joe Dante, Explorers soars past its '80s kiddie flick competitors with wit, good-looking effects, and tons of charm.
This 1983 film re-creates a screwball comedy format and then eliminates everything but the crudest audience-gratification elements; any incursions into the more morally complicated side of the genre are quickly curtailed.	Trading Places is a light romp geared up by the schtick shifted by Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy.	Directed by John Landis with a surprising amount of class, though he lets some of his old Animal House' vulgarity slip ostentatiously into the action.	...one of the most impressive comedies to emerge out of the 1980s.	An altogether hilarious concoction that features Dan Aykroyd at his strongest, Eddie Murphy at his freewheeling funniest, and director John Landis at the absolute top of his game.	Featuring deft interplay between Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd, Trading Places is an immensely appealing social satire.
While the scenic visuals are incredible... the character animation, presumably intended to be realistic and yet have a storybook feel, is at times somewhat creepy.	No matter where you stand on the jolly guy in the red suit, believe this. The Polar Express is the most magical, captivating animated Christmas adventure of all time.	A holiday oddity of the first rank: a breathtaking visual feast peopled by dead-eyed mannequins.	If I were a kid, I'd have nightmares. Come to think of it, I did anyway.	Lacking a human touch here and there, The Polar Express is still a brilliant effort in CGI-animation and will certainly evoke the Christmas spirit in us all.	Though the movie is visually stunning overall, the animation for the human characters isn't lifelike enough, and the story is padded.
It will always be remembered by film buffs as the forerunner of the modern cop thriller.	Even though the story almost makes no sense and the Oscar-winning editing has several illogical cuts, Bullitt is an exquisitely satisfying motion picture, particularly if there is still an adolescent boy lodged somewhere in your psyche.	Good scripting and excellent direction by Peter Yates maintain deliberately low-key but mounting suspense.	A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie clichés, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.	Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.	Steve McQueen is cool as ice in this thrilling police procedural that also happens to contain the arguably greatest car chase ever.
Feels both authoritative and authentic.	Armed with a script informed by the actual experiences of refugees and a production shot on location in Pakistan, Iran, Turkey, Italy, France and Britain with convincing verisimilitude, (Winterbottom) seems to spin raw experience.	In This World may be the work of a liberal, but anyone of humanity must give pause to the horrors faced by those unlucky enough to be born in unfortunate circumstances	...an odd hybrid of fiction and non-fiction, featuring a cast comprised mostly of amateur actors.	It's impossible to call In This World melodramatic because it never develops dramatically. It only tosses us straight into Jamal and Enayat's struggle.	Using documentary-style filmmaking to blur the lines between fact and fiction. In This World tells a harrowing but important story about the plight of refugees.
Ties up all the loose ends and gives a proper sendoff to Nolan's "Batman" trilogy.	This may be the darkest, the grimmest, the most depressing summer popcorn movie ever. It is not summery. It is not popcorny... This is a beast of a film... a beast that has us all in its red and rageful glare.	This is the best Batman film yet...	The director and cowriter/brother Jonathan Nolan pay heed to Wayne's wounded emotional arc. And the film is a feat of painstakingly crafted closure.	A reasonably entertaining late-summer entry in the never-ending parade of youth-market fantasy sequels.	The Dark Knight Rises is an ambitious, thoughtful, and potent action film that concludes Christopher Nolan's franchise in spectacular fashion.
An extraordinary film.	Everything a sequel should be.	the ultimate science fiction war epic	Aliens never strives to be as accomplished as the original, but it's wit and turbo-charged battles make it a wild and electric ride, one with the best replay value of the franchise.	James Cameron's Aliens is easily one of the best sequels ever made, taking the original story and expanding upon it in ways most sequels are afraid to do.	While Alien was a marvel of slow-building, atmospheric tension, Aliens packs a much more visceral punch, and features a typically strong performance from Sigourney Weaver.
A moving and erotic depiction of the pangs of first love in an all-girl environment.	Pool's sensitive handling of her young actresses more than compensates for the familiar material and the occasional misstep.	Pool is an assured director, not afraid to explore the darker side of adolescence with integrity.	Geez, where's Mrs. Garrett when you need her?	Shakespearean drama as penned by a love-struck pubescent girl.	Lost and Delirious becomes exactly that, as the film sinks into overwrought melodrama and cliched, obvious symbolism.
The production is very slick with a great soundtrack and a wonderful cast.	The rare family movie that works on two levels.	It's always a bad sign when the core audience of a film -- children -- are either walking out early or are half-asleep when the credits roll at the end of a film.	If your kid wants to see this movie, let 'em go see it... it certainly won't hurt.	Over-produced, frantic, noisy, filled with over-the-top acting, and remarkably violent, considering its G rating.	This sequel to the live-action 101 Dalmatians is simply more of the same. Critics say it also drags in parts, potentially boring children, and that it's too violent for a G-rated movie.
The drama is well crafted and sometimes touching.	The epic of mystery-unravelling, which at times is Rashomon-like in its variations of witness accounts, is folded into a piece of film art that is visually rich.	Jeunet's reliance on magic-realist devices just falls flat, and Tautou's character -- a lame girl who plays the tuba -- is treated with the sort of condescending pity the movies haven't seen since Johnny Belinda.	Gorgeously shot and magnificently performed, this sweeping romance has the makings of a classic favourite.	Visual adept, but long and tedious	A well-crafted and visually arresting drama with a touch of whimsy.
Any movie that ends with Christopher Walken joining in a group singalong of 'Pour Some Sugar on Me' deserves a little love.	There are laughs in Balls, but not nearly enough of them.	There are just enough interesting characters, along with dozens of fresh ideas relating to ping-pong, to keep the audience along for the ride.	While it's sporadically amusing, Balls of Fury scores fewer points for humor than it could have.	It's good natured enough, but laughs are thin on the ground.	Tasteless, yet harmless, Balls of Fury nevertheless fails to generate enough laughs despite its lowbrow intentions.
The One is one vacuous hole of a movie.	We watch good Jet battle evil Jet ... and the difference between the characters boils down to... blank and slightly less blank.	The One should have used its brain, not its brawn.	A dimwitted parallel-universe slugfest that sets a new low for a Hollywood martial arts extravaganza built around a major star.	As was the case in Romeo Must Die, all the CG bells and whistles detract from Li's martial arts skills.	The One plays out more like a video game than a movie and borrows freely from other, better sci-fi actioners like the The Matrix. Also, Jet Li's martial arts abilities are buried under the editing and special effects.
I wanted to be swept away, but even with half of China as extras, I was mostly unimpressed.	Zhang's beauty is one of furious defiance	Pardon the momentary lapse into geek-speak, but Zhang Yimou's latest wu xia spectacle Curse of the Golden Flower is ten kinds of awesome.	Theatrical drama becomes largescale cinema. It's a spectacular take on family ties that bind so tight they're cutting off circulation.	A period spectacle, steeped in awesome splendor and lethal palace intrigue, it climaxes in a stupendous battle scene and epic tragedy.	Melodrama, swordplay, and CG armies -- fans of martial arts epic will get what they bargain for, though the baroque art direction can be both mesmerizing and exhaustively excessive.
...features tweens in grownups' clothing.	Even Seyfried, who otherwise makes a credible love interest, couldn't convince me -- or, by the sound of the audience's nervous laughter, anyone else in the theater -- that she had to do what she did.	Dear John can't elevate itself from the same, repetitive Sparks cycle.	Mawkish romantic melodrama creates no sparks.	With "The Notebook" being at the top of its class for unabashed weepies, "Dear John" is a second tier effort that occasionally pays off because of the actors...	Built from many of the same ingredients as other Nicholas Sparks tearjerkers, Dear John suffers from its cliched framework, as well as Lasse Hallstrom's curiously detached directing.
Never Land? More like Never-Gon-Git-It Land.	Disney's depersonalizing habit of putting different teams in charge of different sections of the story really shows up here.	Years later it's still a treasure, because of Disney and his artists' talent for creating memorable characters.	A cavalcade of classic songs, unforgettable moments, gorgeous handcrafted animation and, unfortunately, some racial stereotypes.	Classic Disney, if not authentic Barrie.	Though it doesn't delve deeply into the darkness of J.M. Barrie's tale, Peter Pan is a heartwarming, exuberant film with some great tunes.
A fascinating and artistically animated movie that's worth seeing more than once.	This is uplifting and often very funny, thanks to a genius turn by Eddie Murphy.	The Disney studios has its formula for annual, full-length animated features down so pat that it's hard to remember which one you're watching at any given moment.	Mulan is quick, funny, has genuine warmth and is certainly better than almost anything else out there that is aimed at children.	With each new movie, the Disney animators continue to hone their craft to fine precision.	Exploring themes of family duty and honor, Mulan breaks new ground as a Disney film, while still bringing vibrant animation and sprightly characters to the screen.
Junk food at its best. There is no other reason to watch it than to revel in its excesses, and the more excessive it gets, the more fun it is.	We have been assaulted by a lurid imagination, amazed by unspeakable sights, blind-sided by the movie's curiously dry sense of humor. I guess that's our money's worth.	While Re-Animator fails as a faithful adaptation of Lovecraft, it is an incredibly demented movie in its own right that combines a plethora of downright disgusting grand guignol with disturbing black humor.	A classic horror-comedy.	A comically ghastly B-movie delight.	Perfectly mixing humor and horror, the only thing more effective than Re-Animator's gory scares are its dry, deadpan jokes.
It hasn't been that long since her death, but Amy feels timeless, partly because of Winehouse's intoxicating sound and partly because her tale has become an unfortunate norm in the creative world.	What lasting resonance Amy does achieve has less to do with the story that Kapadia assembles and more with the real-life moments he uses as building blocks.	Like all theories, the doc's "truth vs. phoniness" narrative has a few blind spots.	Despite the ending, which we know even before we buy our tickets, Amy is not a depressing movie. Winehouse put her torn-up feelings and genre samplings inside perfect Brill Building song structures. Kapadia pulls off a similar feat.	This profoundly sad documentary is one of the year's best.	As riveting as it is sad, Amy is a powerfully honest look at the twisted relationship between art and celebrity -- and the lethal spiral of addiction.
A film with its heart in the right place and it is a lot of fun.	Neat idea, peachy visuals, but there ain't much else to grip the imagination.	One of the most faithful visual adaptations of a comic series every put to film, The Rocketeer failed to find it's deserved audience but is worth the rental or purchase.	The clever use of historical figures like Howard Hughes and W.C. Fields is really the film's only highlight.	One of Disney's most underrated films, and I can't for the life of me figure out why, unless it's the absence of a big-name star.	An action-packed, if anachronistic, look back at pulp matinee serials, The Rocketeer may ring hollow with viewers expecting more than simple fun and gee-whiz special effects.
I can't think of less business-savvy premise for a movie than that of Awake...	Engages the viewer from start to finish and boasts a handful of decent performances. Crazy but fun.	Waking up during major surgery would be horrible. Waking up during surgery and being forced to watch Awake would be truly ghastly.	Silly, but fans of Christensen and Alba should be pleased.	You'll laugh out loud when you see the operating room, which looks like something out of an early Woody Allen comedy.	Awake has an interesting premise but would have benefited from tighter performances and more efficient direction and editing.
The magic that many films promise actually works in Pan's Labyrinth.	...a startling, idiosyncratic combination of children's fantasy and brutal political realism that switches effortlessly from early Fascist-era Spain to the fairytale world of a young girl's imagination.	Guillermo del Toro's vision has created a film that will last: an enduring fairytale that resonates and offers new interpretations with every viewing.	The story is a compelling and deeply involving one, and the film is both beautiful, exciting, and sometimes horrifying. The creature effects are superbly handled.	"Pan's Labyrinth" is one of those films that's so moving, heartbreaking and wonderfully haunting, you sigh when the end credits roll.	Pan's Labyrinth is Alice in Wonderland for grown-ups, with the horrors of both reality and fantasy blended together into an extraordinary, spellbinding fable.
The film looks like many a television crime series, and is as manipulative. With no disclaimer or separation, its method screams that this is full honest fact.	Centered on a 15-year-old cold case, there should be no real surprises here. Why, then, is the experience of watching The Imposter one of edge-of-the-seat disbelief and nerve-jangling thrills?	"The Imposter" is one of the best films of the year.	It tells a true story that is so oh wow! unbelievable, so deeply, compellingly stranger than fiction, that you don't so much watch the film as get addicted to it.	Not only is the story riveting, but the film explores huge issues that really get under our skin	Despite its true-crime trappings, The Imposter is an utterly gripping and sometimes heartbreaking documentary thriller cleverly told with narrative flair.
A fascinating, well-acted glimpse into a little known theatre of the war.	An entertaining, old-school war thriller.	A polished and large-scale production with some rousing action sequences, the movie is certainly watchable, though no one's going to call this exciting filmmaking.	An intense and intelligent war biopic about Norway's greatest Second World War saboteur.	An epic by Scandinavian standards, Manus's period re-creation is lavish-but the too-polished rental décor doesn't create a living past.	This good old-fashioned Norwegian WW2 film has impressive set pieces and never suffers for a lack of suspense.
Strictly boilerplate...fail[s] to pursue any interesting avenues, using the cardboard characters as mere shooting-range targets.	There's nothing flashy about The Sentinel, but there doesn't need to be.	The story and style fit comfortably with today's TV and movie fashions: the cop procedural, kinetic editing, a pressure-cooker job rife with competition, and a countdown to possible disaster.	An underwhelming political thriller.	Director Clark Johnson ("S.W.A.T.") brings a little style to what is otherwise a pretty meat and potatoes presidential thriller with a solid if unexceptional cast.	The Sentinel starts off well enough but quickly wears thin with too many plot holes and conventional action sequences.
Spectacle, rowdy adventure and supernatural horror all crammed into a raucous two hours of high-testosterone special-effects filmmaking!	It revels in its own retro-ness, and it's a hell of a lot of fun.	It's cheerful, slightly cheesy entertainment!	There are a few jump-in-your-seat moments of pure fright, but this "Mummy" has more in common with Indiana Jones than Boris Karloff.	A cinematic plague!	It's difficult to make a persuasive argument for The Mummy as any kind of meaningful cinematic achievement, but it's undeniably fun to watch.
White Heat's ultimate message: love's a *****...even crypto-incestuous love.	If you're looking for Cagney's best gangster role ever, you got it right here, on the top of the world.	Despite chronology (deranged by the censor's influence on the studios), this is really the fitting climax of the '30s gangster movie.	White Heat (1949) is one of the top classic crime-heist dramas of the post-war period. White Heat is an entertaining, fascinating and hypnotic portrait	White Heat is vigorous and uncompromising. Cagney is all kinetic energy and raw nerve.	Raoul Walsh's crime drama goes further into the psychology of a gangster than most fear to tread and James Cagney's portrayal of the tragic anti-hero is constantly volatile.
We know the trajectory, it's a question of how brightly the rocket burns and how interested we are in the astronauts aboard this dance missile from small town Indiana to Chicago Big Time Dance School	Another dance movie this year? Seriously, where the heck do they keep coming from?	The film should have been called Rehash Dance, because it is Flashdance without any new ideas.	Its just as cheesy and just as icky, but calamitously fails to offer any high-octane dance to ease the pain.	It's all just filler between the dance scenes, which are admittedly fun. Think Pussycat Dolls with slightly more clothes on. Unrepentantly formulaic, but enjoyable all the same.	Cheap, predictable, formulaic and unimaginative generic dance film. Comes across as Showgirls for simpleton teens, but with much less flesh on show.
An entertaining portrait of the two colorful impresarios who more or less discovered and nurtured The Who as the band evolved from the underground darling of the Mod subculture into an international arena rock powerhouse.	They weren't much to look at, but with a little backstage help, they saw for miles. Lambert & Stamp never makes it so far, but it's an admirable addendum to rock history.	With an interesting topic and a wealth of truly amazing file footage, it manages to be so unfocused it becomes for hardcore fans only.	The movie loses its early momentum, when "Lambert and Stamp" so vividly captures the energy of 1960s England, the sounds and images of a generation coming of age.	Many great docs have been made about The Who (including the ecstatic "The Kids Are All Right"), but "Lambert & Stamp" gets closest to the band's fragility and unlikely story.	A sharp accounting of an era framed through the early adventures of the Who and the managers who helped make them famous, Lambert & Stamp should prove fascinating for fans and novices alike.
Sometimes What the #$*! Do We Know!? has the corny, ham-handed feel of an old 16mm educational movie, but I'm not sure how intentional this is.	Here's the mystery for me. How did questions that started out so vast and existential swirl down into something so small and loopy and pathetic?	A ponderous documentary.	Two hours of New Age hooey.	It's the New Age hooey that starts to wear thin.	Educational, but as entertainment, it'll have viewers asking, 'What the bleep?'
While the movie may not have the insight of D. A. Pennebaker's "Don't Look Back" or even Phil Joanou's U2 travelogue, "Rattle and Hum," Pearl Jam devotees will not go home musically unnourished.	Vedder is charming, his band rather bland. As trips down memory lane go, it's a bit of a trudge.	A loving, gracefully crafted retrospective that shrewdly eschews Behind the Music conventions at most turns.	[Crowe] merely wants to capture the personalities, the songs and the shows.	In a better film, Crowe would have played journalist instead of fan boy.	Cameron Crowe's fawning documentary is a true boon for Pearl Jam fans, but the band's insistent resistance to fame comes off hollow.
A bewildering mishmash of battle scenes and tenuous relationships that calls for heartthrob Orlando Bloom to save the day in a rags-to-riches hurry.	The movie's only real message is: Religious wars are wrong. And hey, don't most of us already know that, whether the war is a crusade in the Middle Ages or a fanatic's terrorism in our own time?	a sad reminder that the distrust, misunderstandings and misconceptions that have marred relations between the Eastern and Western worlds are nothing new...	Was Ridley Scott trying to make a medieval epic, or was he trying to remake Kevin Smith's Dogma?	Filmed in Morocco, in Spain and in computers, Kingdom fills a vast canvas with breathtaking spectacle. In contrast, most of the performances are blandly ordinary.	Although it's an objective and handsomely presented take on the Crusades, Kingdom of Heaven lacks depth.
A terrific premise, but I'm not so sure about the execution.	These are all very surreal, inventive ideas, heightened by the dreamlike cinematography from Barthes' partner, Andrij Parekh; the scenes shot in St. Petersburg, for example, are simultaneously gauzy and bleak.	Giamatti's usual character%u2014at least, the one that Cold Souls wishes to exploit%u2014is paper-thin, working better on the periphery than in the center of the narrative.	Inspired by one of [director] Barthes' dreams, Cold Souls has the kind of twisted but clever self-awareness of Being John Malkovich.	the most deliciously off-beat comedy of the year	Straddling existential drama and surrealist comedy, Sophie Barthes debut feature is beautifully shot and full of inventive quandaries.
As impressive as the two immense battle scenes are, they're just not worth suffering through the other two hours of the movie to witness.	When the smoke clears from the rockets' red glare and bombs bursting in air, we're left with a love triangle that drags on from here to eternity.	A loquacious morass of clichés pillaged from nearly every old Hollywood war melodrama.	We all know that a good film has to have heart -- and this one is just left on the operating table while the patient's locked outside, banging on the hospital doors.	The actual war wasn't this dang long.	Pearl Harbor tries to be the Titanic of war movies, but it's just a tedious romance filled with laughably bad dialogue. The 40 minute action sequence is spectacular though.
The film is packed with hilarious, often poignant interviews with metal luminaries.	Interviews with metal practitioners such as Tony Iommi, Alice Cooper, Rob Zombie and Dee Snider, journalists and academic types paint a compelling portrait of a vibrant society of outsiders.	The idea of looking at the music from the perspective of a fan, and plugging it full of interviews with rock idols, is clearly a winner.	Acts not as the window for the outsider into the spectacle of heavy metal music, as the filmmakers proclaim it to be, but an unprovoked fan's defense for liking what he likes	It'll make you want to dig out your Whitesnake T-shirt. It might even convince Tipper Gore that heavy metal thunder is all in good fun.	Made by a metalhead, this documentary of the musical genre both informs and entertains with its range of interviewees.
The result is a step toward multiculturalism and ecological correctness, though not without a certain amount of confusion.	It's a wonderful treat to revisit and the 3-D is beautifully utilised, but it's perhaps not the classic that Disney purports it to be.	Between traumas, the movie serves up soothingly banal musical numbers (composed by Elton John and Tim Rice) and silly, rambunctious comedy.	Witty and beautifully drawn.	I found it a little disappointing.	Emotionally stirring, richly drawn, and beautifully animated, The Lion King stands tall within Disney's pantheon of classic family films.
It looks like we've seen this all before but this has life and directions of its own that make it very rewarding viewing.	The true star of the film was the cinematography.	This is a decent morality tale strapped to a very dark and depressing setting, ultimately salvaged by many top-notch performances.	Gray's writing is so smart and his direction so forceful that it gives the material exceptional texture and depth.	There is no dramatic center to this dull, drawn-out film.	Featuring strong performances and direction, The Yards is a richly textured crime thriller with an authentic feel.
Children will find the feature enchanting, while adults may not be so easily impressed.	The world of children's literature continues to be raped by Hollywood and Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium is its latest victim.	Yes, there is wonder here, and plenty of it.	Mr. Magorium is festive, to be sure. But it doesn't have the rhythm of an instant family classic.	Visually colorful but dramatically empty, "Mr. Magorium's Emporium" is too listless for words.	Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium's title is much more fun that the film itself, as the colorful visuals and talented players can't make up for a bland story.
Making your way through the film is like eating an entire beautifully sculpted wedding cake.	For a picture big on in-camera special effects, few of the explosions and set pieces can eclipse the parade of cracking performances.	Rambling, episodic, and dramatically flawed, the picture nonetheless boasts some magical moments due to the wizardry in the technical departments.	The king is completely out-of-control, and so was Gilliam in making this film. Neither has much of a sense of proportion, but both are hard to ignore.	A wondrous feat of imagination.	Bursting with Terry Gilliam's typically imaginative flourishes, this story of a possibly deranged Baron recounting his storied life is a flamboyant and witty visual treat.
Director Jeff Hillcoat leaves room for strong performances by Winstone and Pearce, plus a pleasantly hammy bit by John Hurt as a bounty hunter.	Despite perpetual rumors of its demise as a genre, the Western is alive and well in the Australian outback.	For audiences accustomed to revisionist Westerns, only the relocation to Down Under will be a novelty since the film follows Sam Peckinpah's blood-soaked template.	Offering proportionate measures of raw violence and lyrical soliloquizing, the Peckinpah-influenced The Proposition is for those who prefer their western action unvarnished but immaculately framed.	Cave's screenplay is masterful in taking the trappings of the western genre and transposing them to the Australian Outback. There's an ebb and flow to his writing and there's also the sense that tragedy is inevitable. He also manages to work in the dep	Brutal, unflinching, and violent, but thought-provoking and with excellent performances, this Australian western is the one of the best examples of the genre to come along in recent times.
We may not need as many Austin Powers movies as there are James Bond pictures, but one or two more might be nice.	The things it's parodying -- Beatles and Bond movies and all those secret-agent TV shows of the 60s -- were already so tongue in cheek that one needs to go a lot further than this movie goes to really amuse me.	This shagadelic James Bond spoof isn't for kids.	[Myer's] affection for the era and its gaudy, bawdy movies inject this bit of fluff with giddy energy.	It would take a stone face not to crumple at Austin's dodgy catchphrases and irrepressible sexual desperation.	A light and goofy comedy which provides laughs, largely due to performances and screenwriting by Myers.
A competent enough feature with cool cars and a bass-heavy soundtrack but with its simplistic characters and mediocre plot, customized wheels and techno riffs just aren't enough.	The Italian Job turns out well, a fast and entertaining caper designed to give you a couple of fun hours.	Exciting heist film for teens and their families.	"Wahlberg once again demonstrates his unique ability to suck the colour out of a character like some bloated charisma mosquito."	A passable time-waster ... directed with some grace and snap.	Despite some iffy plot elements, The Italian Job succeeds in delivering an entertaining modern take on the original 1969 heist film, thanks to a charismatic cast.
If you thought getting voted off the island on Survivor was tough, The Condemned takes that concept as ridiculously and hideously far as can be imagined.	The Condemned is tailor-made for those who like their violence multifaceted and their women monosyllabic.	Cheesy enough to satisfy your B-movie cravings in half Grindhouse's running time.	The Condemned occupies moral ground shiftier than the San Andreas fault.	Nobody rooting for the movie career of "Stone Cold" Steve Austin , the big, swaggering professional wrestler, wants to hear that his debut vehicle, The Condemned, is execrable. So those people will have to stop reading, because it is.	The Condemned is a morally ambiguous, exceedingly violent and mostly forgettable action film.
What should have been a tight, crisply told narrative becomes a lumbering bore under Scott's self-impressed direction.	Heavy-handed and stiff, Tony Scott's film is longwinded and irritatingly reminiscent -- stylistically at least -- of the works of David Fincher.	While Washington has a sullen physicality, he is just too good and too smart of an actor to be credible as a character that is a bit more up Vin Diesel's alley.	Denzel Washington is an actor of such magnetic conviction that he could read Schopenhauer to earthworms and probably hold their interest. But in 'Man on Fire' he has to haul around so much guilt and threat and doom that he seems ready to sag from rot.	[W]hat may take the jaded viewer aback is the amount of time [Tony Scott] dedicates to character development before heading down the inevitable trail of bloody revenge.	Man on Fire starts out well, but goes over the top in the violent second half.
The performances by everyone are stunning, standout.	Scorsese brilliantly juxtaposes scenes of family greatness with those of bleak criminal action. The performances are superb examples of action, delivery, and nuance.	Director Scorsese does an impeccable job of covering all the ground here in a 21/2-hour film that doesn't seem long at all.	A highly disturbing but mesmerising look at the joys and dangers of life in the mob. One of Scorsese's best.	Robert De Niro gives what has come to be a typical Robert De Niro performance -- understated, sly, ingratiating. Joe Pesci, as the hot-tempered Tommy, steals several scenes from his fellow performers.	Hard-hitting and stylish, GoodFellas is a gangster classic -- and arguably the high point of Martin Scorsese's career.
It's a shame the film ends so unconvincingly, but Friends With Money is still rich in insights.	Don't be surprised if you see glimpses of your own friends in this film ... and of yourself.	Sharply observed and deftly acted, Friends With Money offers a funny, sad, trenchant view of women of a certain age and social milieu (moneyed Los Angeles), struggling with, well, life.	Little of weight seems at stake and the ensemble hum is low-key.	In some ways this movie reminded me of an off-broadway play; lots of talking and character development, but very little action.	Stong lead performances, witty dialogue and wry observations cement Friends With Money as another winning dramedy from writer/director Nicole Holofcener.
Martel is among the best of a new generation of Argentine filmmakers	No wonder Pedro Almodovar signed on as executive producer. We suspect Luis Bunuel would have done the same, were he still with us.	Haunting, sensual, allusive.	A hauntingly lyrical study of sexual awakening.	Martel's style is tentative, elusive, so much so that even the most conventional episodes benefit from her fresh perspective.	This provocative, lyrical drama mixes themes of forbidden sexuality and redemptive faith with a touch of humanism in a memorable, if disorienting, visual style.
It's above average. But it ain't the greatest of the year. Sorry, Clint.	It doesn't matter if you love boxing or hate it; Million Dollar Baby is a powerful and unforgettably human story.	A testament to Eastwood's ability to tell a story and find the human truth at its core.	At 74 and directing his 25th film, (Clint) Eastwood just keeps getting better behind the camera.	Exhibits a gentle unaffected beauty and austere humanism.	Clint Eastwood's assured direction - combined with knockout performances from Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman - help Million Dollar Baby to transcend its clichés, and the result is deeply heartfelt and moving.
A faultlessly constructed, artistic look at love, loss and truths we can't ignore.	... an engaging and engaged comic drama, [Alan Rudolph's] best and most beautifully human film in years.	The Secret Lives of Dentists may be a hard movie to like and a harder movie to love, but it knows itself so well that it's an impossible one to dismiss.	An intelligent, perceptive, stylish but quietly controlled study of mid-life insecurity and marital infidelity.	That most extraordinary of achievements, the small, quiet movie that imperceptibly takes its viewers by their throats and doesn't let go until its emotionally explosive -- and equally small and quiet -- final moments.	A witty and honest look at marriage in decay.
Totally entertaining!	We're treated to some meticulously re-created '50s rock performances, along with original recordings by Lyman, the Platters, Little Richard and others.	Jampacked with rock glamour and exploitation, joy and horror, that keeps showing its subject at different angles, through different eyes.	Why did they make it so muddled?	Ultimately undone by its courtroom theatrics which go on much too long.	This is a fun comedy with delightful musical numbers.
She may be promiscuous, but she's a stronger person than Joe and a better person than all the men in the movie put together. I was impressed with Abbie Cornish's performance.	Shortland well deserves the awards already lavished on her back home in Australia.	So hot it sizzles.	Absorbing and brave filmmaking.	(Director Cate) Shortland has a sensitivity to the confused, unformed, irrational feelings that swirl around them.	A poignant coming-of-age tale marked by a breakout lead performance from Abbie Cornish and a successful directorial debut from Cate Shortland.
Hopelessly dated before its release.	The acting is overblown, the special effects are impressive, and the violence is loud and often. Just like in a comic strip.	If only it wasn't such bloody nonsense.	A reasonably diverting videogame of a movie but not successful entertainment.	A pleasant enough popcorn movie that may not break any new ground, but has a fun time right where it is.	Though some may find the plot a bit lacking, Blade's action is fierce, plentiful, and appropriately stylish for a comic book adaptation.
[A] silly flick that's just a little bit profound in its goofiness, [a] wonderland of schtick that touches on the dark flipside of all the ho-ho-ho and enforced jolliment of the Holiday Season(TM).	This movie takes a good thing and runs it deep into the ground, leaving behind a frothy trail of sentimentality.	Holiday comedy's no classic, but it's OK for kids.	I'm so glad there's another Fred movie. I've been getting Drop Dead Fred and Right Said Fred since I was in middle school.	John Michael Higgins is disturbingly shrunken a la Lord of the Rings. How does the Actors' Union of Little People, if there is such a thing, feel about this?	A slew of talent is wasted in this contrived and overly sentimental Christmas film, which can't quite get the balance between slapstick humor and sentimental family moments.
An exciting, beautifully shot look at a subculture through the eyes of one of its most devoted admirers.	"12 O'Clock Boys" packs more life into its 72 minutes than many longer documentaries do.	Set to a lively soundtrack, 12 O'Clock Boys expresses the paradox of the sport -- its surface coolness and inherent recklessness -- as a single, troublesome package.	It could have romanticized its subjects, portraying them as outlaws and folk heroes. Or it could have gone the way of moral panic. To its credit, [it] does neither of these things - or, rather, it does both, in the most subtle and insightful way possible.	[Pug is] a fiercely individual child, but, inevitably, his predicament also symbolizes how poverty can warp a good boy's nature.	Visually striking and grippingly fast-paced, 12 O'Clock Boys asks thought-provoking questions with admirable subtlety and restraint.
The film spends a little too much time on the fates of previous home run balls in general.	A crackerjack documentary.	Even if you didn't follow the story then, Wranovics tells it so wryly your interest never flags -- and there's more suspense for newcomers, since the mystery and court verdict remain in doubt until the end.	Up for Grabs isn't just about a ball. It's about America.	A twisty little documentary about the aftermath of Bonds' fat swing.	You don't have to be a baseball fan to be entertained by the absurdities, obsessions, and greed on display in this documentary.
Strictly for fans on school vacation.	The much ballyhooed movie, far from great and far from short (2 1/2 hours!), is still great fun.	Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles. I'm all wrapped up in his cloak.	better than 3 and 4	Gaining momentum seems easy for Superman Returns. Sustaining it is another story.	Bryan Singer's reverent and visually decadent adaptation gives the Man of Steel welcome emotional complexity. The result: a satisfying stick-to-your-ribs adaptation.
The dialogue is sharp and insightful, the cast is superb, the performances are rock-solid, the story is provocative and multilayered.	A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community.	The shrillness of [Sayles's] more political films is gone, leaving a clear set of opinions but a more even-handed feel.	Sayles has always been a master at honest emotion. Fittingly, Sunshine State is a bright spot in his career.	This well acted ensemble melodrama is not one of John Sayles' strongest films.	Wonderfully acted, but the story and pacing can use a little work.
Those with strong stomachs will find this darkly comic piece is not just a bloody mess. Instead, it's bloody good fun.	Revenge is a dish best served cold, exactly how I was left after watching Helena Bonham Carter butcher a cheeky star turn in Tim Burton's cutthroat musical.	Burton is one of the truest of originals in the business of big-budget filmmaking, with a baroque imagination, a fetishistic love of detail, a perverse sense of humor and the courage to see his inspirations through to their most outlandish extremes.	Singers that can't sing, repetitive tunes that aren't the least bit memorable and a director more in love with his macabre settings than with the story or the songs sure make for one long night at the movies.	Love the play, but this film adaptation left a bad taste in my mouth.	Full of pith and Grand Guignol grossness, this macabre musical is perfectly helmed and highly entertaining. Tim Burton masterfully stages the musical in a way that will make you think he has done this many times before.
...very sweet and no doubt a delight for children, but I found it quite slow and tedious.	Better than you might think.	A work of both learned, assured poise and triumphant freshman determination, not far away from other benchmark-status works like Snow White or Pixar's Toy Story.	Wonderful entertainment for both kids and their parents.	One of the weaker Disney animated films.	The Fox and the Hound is a likeable, charming, unassuming effort that manages to transcend its thin, predictable plot.
The polemical is never as powerful as the personal and O'Grady's part of the story illuminates the whole with nauseating clarity.	Neither sensationalistic nor sentimental, Ms. Berg's film is clear-sighted, tough-minded and devastating, a portrait of individual criminality and institutional indifference, a study in the betrayal of trust and the irresponsibility of authority.	Berg by no means excuses Father O'Grady, but she offers evidence of a devastating childhood that explains his pathology. For the ambitious creeps who allowed him to indulge it, and who still sit in office, there's no excuse.	This is a powerful film that will horrify you and make you angry, if you dare to see it.	Devastating.	Deliver Us From Evil is a superb documentary and a searing look at an institution protecting its leaders at the expense of its followers. A profoundly disturbing chronicle of a wolf in sheep's clothing, the film builds a clear-eyed case against pedophile priest Oliver O'Grady, and the Catholic bureaucracy that protected him. The recollections of O'Grady's victims are nothing short of shocking and heartbreaking.
It's watchable, but eventually wears you down with its over-the-top cleverness.	It's safe to say you've never seen a film like this before.	...like Gone With the Wind in DayGlo.	An enjoyably energetic genre romp.	Director Wisit Sasanatieng uses every trick imaginable to create surreal postmodern nostalgia. Has he wound up with pure camp, or a cult classic? As he clearly understands, the best B-movies are both.	With a vibrant pastel color scheme and stylized action sequences, Tears of the Black Tiger is a bizarre, yet thoroughly entertaining Thai western.
We know that cigarettes are dangerous for our health. The surprise is that, with a movie supposedly about freedom of thought, too much thinking can be dangerous for our superficial enjoyment.	...indulges in the sort of relentless cynicism that is only born of defeat.	A snappy satire about smoking, corporate shenanigans, and the spin that keeps everything rolling along in these amoral realms.	The book had a fearlessness that the movie version so lacks.	Refreshingly irreverent and briskly comic.	Loaded with delightfully unscrupulous characters and and a witty, cynical script, Thank You For Smoking is a sharp satire with a brilliantly smarmy lead performance from Aaron Eckhart.
Though you might think this Forest Whitaker film (yeah, you read that right) has more going for it than the other 274 cookie-cutter fairy-tale comedies...you'd be wrong.	You try binge drinking when you're followed around by two burly Secret Service agents.	Stupendously dull and infuriatingly obtuse, this is the cinematic equivalent of unflavored gelatin, bland and tasteless, but much less beneficial for your nails.	In case the one-note plot of this movie seems a little vague, let me reiterate: THE GIRL WANTS TO BE NORMAL, JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.	The movie's most interesting character is Agent Dylan (Dwayne Adway) because he almost never says anything. Would that all the actors had been so eloquent.	First Daughter is a bland and charmless fairy tale that fails to rise above the formula.
Given its sensitivity in other areas, the film's conception of its own class divide is stunningly trite.	This is a profound and remarkable work, and like Still Walking, it reasserts Koreeda's place among the ranks of the world's greatest living directors.	[Kore-eda] seems content to rely on winning performances (especially from the kids) as the core of a pleasant but forgettable tale.	What stays with you ... is the unlikely shadow of loss, not least in the hearts of the boys' mothers: how can a loving child, even the "wrong" one, be let go?	Examinations of nature vs. nurture don't get much more quietly thrilling.	Sensitively written, smartly directed, and powerfully performed, Like Father, Like Son uses familiar-seeming elements to tell a thought-provoking story.
The comic chemistry between Mac and Kutcher is strong enough to withstand the miscues and to sell the film's stronger humor.	[Guess Who uses the personal chemistry between Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher...to create an amusing little film that has the feel of an extended TV sitcom.	A consciously lightweight romantic comedy that pokes fun at racial stereotyping, it starts out a bit shaky but begins to cook as stars Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher find their chemistry, and by the film's end it's become pretty darn likable.	The absolute lack of cultural identity on the part of any of the characters -- black or white -- is what left me with a bad aftertaste.	Mix in a pair of inspired performances by Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher, and you've got a certified crowd-tickler with a lot more substance than the last Focker family gathering.	Despite the chemistry of its stars, Guess Who, a loose remake of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, lacks the political relevance of the original.
If you weren't a kid when you first saw Space Jam, you're a lot less likely to find it palatable. [Blu-ray]	Sufferin' succotash!	This movie has all the wit of the original Warner Brothers Cartoons, and a few updated jabs at modern society.	Visually, it's a mess: the attempts to blend 2- and 3-D animation with live-action and computer-generated images produce scenes that are fuzzier than the storyline.	Space Jam is, perhaps, best viewed as a 'package,' something put together by agents and dealmakers rather than filmmakers.	A harmless mishmash of basketball and animation that'll entertain kids but leave adults less than thrilled.
A modest, somber vision of the future.	Meditative and downbeat rather than crowd-pleasing.	The whole thing feels like a hypnotic dreamscape, so luminously stark, from its white-on-white abstract sets to the wide-eyed, bald, near catatonic residents of this world.	An impressive accomplishment -- sadly tarnished in this new release by Lucas' mania towards tweaking his old films with the latest special-effects technology.	an instant classic of dystopic angst	George Lucas' feature debut presents a spare, bleak, dystopian future, and features evocatively minimal set design and creepy sound effects.
Chun-Li narrates much of it, and the dialogue would be excruciating if it weren't laughable in the way she describes what is blatantly occurring on the screen. If nothing else, the movie is an ideal one for blind viewers.	Chun-Li understandably wasn't screened for critics. It shouldn't be screened for audiences, either. Even Uwe Boll could have done better; at least he makes terrible videogame adaptations with a little personality.	It's a cheerfully stupid endeavor, enlivened by some gnarly fights and endullened by all the talky stuff in between.	Daddies and daughters lend a wistful emotional core to Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li, an otherwise generic martial-arts movie with video-game credentials.	Even avid fans of the classic video game on which it is based are likely to give a thumbs down to Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li.	The combination of a shallow plot and miscast performers renders Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun Li a perfectly forgettable video game adaptation.
It's going to take more than 28 Days to jump-start Sandra Bullock's stalled career.	We are a long way here from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.	28 Days is a reminder of why Bullock became a movie star in the first place	28 Days isn't good enough or smart enough. But, doggone it, people just might like it.	The message is one that will be easy to sell to audiences looking for a reason to cheer. As a story about real people, however, it is a fraud.	Even though 28 Days is tackling a difficult subject, it comes off light and superficial, and maybe even a little preachy.
One of the qualities that sets 'Thirteen' apart from the hundreds of other 'teen tragedy' stories that have been presented over the decades is its unwillingness to fall back on convenient labels and the usual soap operatics.	Solid acting and mostly legitimate-sounding dialogue keep rescuing the film from its own sensationalism, slowing its inevitable devolution from edgy conversation piece to plain old cautionary corn.	There's some resonance here for teens and parents who could take this as a cautionary tale. Just pop a dramamine before you go.	It's not an easy film to watch, especially with your parents or your kids, but Thirteen is by far the most important film to emerge this year.	It is such a shame that director Hardwicke almost sinks her own film by her obsession with all of the bad tricks of digital video.	An emotionally wrenching, not to mention terrifying, film about the perils of being a teenager.
This is a love letter to the National Gallery which beguiles like a visual tone poem.	After 47 years of making documentaries, Frederick Wiseman has his methodology down pretty darn pat, for better or worse (usually better).	You may initially find yourself missing the emotional pull of the film's first sections, but it's all to an increasingly intriguing point.	Like many of the 39 documentaries Frederick Wiseman has made since his controversial debut with Titicut Follies in 1967, this film is a leisurely if disciplined exploration of an institution, patient in its observances and curious about every detail.	To say Frederick Wiseman makes observational documentaries is like saying Alfred Hitchcock made thrillers -- accurate, but not the heart of the matter.	National Gallery finds director Frederick Wiseman doing what he does best: Drawing the viewer in with richly detailed, patiently constructed observations on modern institutions.
As if clowns weren't already scary enough	Yes, it's goofy but the klowns really are killer.	This krazy, kooky movie strings together the creature feature with the alien movie, and pumps it full of dark humour	The title says it all...and is the only reason to see this misfire.	Warped fun with memorably weird ideas, effects and costumes	Killer Klowns from Outer Space's title promises darkly goofy fun -- and more often than not, the movie delivers.
Four Christmases to deliver a quadruple dose of dysfunctional family hijinks to genuinely dispiriting results.	Needs approximately two Christmases to make you feel completely exhausted.	Several maraschino cherries short of a fruitcake.	When will filmmakers learn that if you start with Bad Santa and finish with It's a Wonderful Life, you just end up with curdled eggnog?	Even with the cliché and rushed ending, the flick survives on its clever dialogue that made me laugh out loud a dozen times.	Despite a strong cast, this sour holiday comedy suffers from a hackneyed script.
It is so preposterous it could almost be the spoof "bad action movie" they'd keep flashing to in a Hollywood satire.	Next isn't a great movie, but I enjoyed it anyway.	Asks the viewer to accept that Nicolas Cage can see into the future and that Jessica Biel would sleep with him. I'm not sure which qualifies the film as science fiction.	More effort has gone into the effects, yet the action amounts to little more than dodging projectiles. I'm very concerned about director Tamahori, who used to make interesting movies about masculinity but doesn't seem to have a grip on the helm here.	Directed by Lee Tamahori with his customary flash and glitter, Next lives from one brilliantly executed chase sequence to the next, which is more than enough reason to stay the course.	Numerous plot holes and poorly motivated characters prevent Next from being the thought-provoking sci-fi flick it could've been.
Defangs one of English literature's most iconic works of satire and replaces its wit with Star Wars jokes.	Like its protagonist, Gulliver's Travels is big, dumb, and slow-moving, a lumbering oaf of a movie that just barely makes it to feature-length via a groaningly unnecessary production number set to Edwin Starr's "War."	Yes, a giant robot. In Gulliver's Travels. Because - like the carriage chase that Robert Zemeckis plopped into last year's A Christmas Carol - these centuries-old classic tales cry out for loud and obnoxious 21st century special effects.	Lilliputian in wit and Brobdingnagian in wretchedness...	Black was already the world's biggest little kid, and he might be the only actor who could have made this movie such nimble fun. No matter how thin the concept, Black always manages to make it his own.	Though Jack Black is back doing what he does best, Gulliver's Travels largely fails to do any justice to its source material, relying instead on juvenile humor and special effects.
A treat for twisted children of all ages.	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a spectacle to be enjoyed, but only as such.	This inventive, delightful and visually rich fantasy is more faithful to Dahl's source material [than Wilder's version].	...[Depp] just seems to be getting better and better.	Energy lags aside, I recommend the movie for the weird and wonderful display of imagination that Burton brings to the task -- not to mention the occasional mordant touch.	Closer to the source material than 1971's Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is for people who like their Chocolate visually appealing and dark.
This movie lives in a bubbleland of its main two characters' heads, who shamble along to and fro, never really engaging the planet or stepping outside themselves in any noteworthy way.	Indulgent bore about a freeloading confused couple who visit friends. Nothing happens.	Away We Go is like a disappointing term paper by a promising student.	Credit novelists and first-time screenwriters Eggers and Vida (married in real life) with creating such rich, complicated and humane characters, and credit actors John Krasinski and Maya Rudolph with bringing them to life so wonderfully.	Glib and charming in roughly equal measure, the road-tripping "Away We Go" is worth seeing for Maya Rudolph, best known for being underutilized on "Saturday Night Live."	Built on a set of quirks and charms that are as noticeable as they are interchangeable, Away We Go is a sweet but uneven road trip.
A rewarding redemption piece that echoes the cynicism of post 9/11 sensibilities.	Raw and edgy...Spike Lee is ticking again.	...contains moments so raw, lyrical and playfully alert to the limitless possibilities of filmmaking that it takes a day or two to figure out the flick just ain't very good.	If 25th Hour does not quite work as a plausible and coherent story, it produces a wrenching, dazzling succession of moods.	A turgid, bombastic and outrageously self-satisfied movie.	An intelligent and well-acted film despite the usual Spike Lee excesses.
Gustafson's stop-motion animation achieves a consciously hand-crafted look that stands out in an age of slick computer animation like a Chippendale cabinet in an IKEA store.	Deserves a prominent spot in the run for this year's best-animated feature Oscar.	Funny, eccentric and great-looking, Fantastic Mr. Fox is utterly unique and highly entertaining.	It provides a pleasantly cerebral experience, exhilarating and fizzy, that goes to your head like too much Champagne.	Offbeat family adventure may charm adults more than kids.	Fantastic Mr. Fox is a delightfully funny feast for the eyes with multi-generational appeal -- and it shows Wes Anderson has a knack for animation.
A rare, clever, horror film.	It won't have you jumping out of your seat, but it will surely make you squirm.	Pitiless and unflinching elsewhere, From Hell is marred only by an ending that is nearly as gloppy and messy as Jack's crime scenes.	From Hell might not be a perfect film -- in fact, it's a ways from it -- but it's nevertheless mostly engaging from start to finish.	Restores chill to an earlier meaning.	Visually impressive, but this latest Ripper tale is dull and far from scary.
They recycle too many scenes and themes from Taxi Driver.	I congratulate Martin Scorsese on this miraculous triumph over his personal demons, and pray for the swift recovery of his art.	Although Scorsese and Schrader may not have pulled off alchemy by transforming an undistinguished piece of literature into a great film, Bringing Out the Dead is still the best adaptation imaginable of its source material.	Overlooked Martin Scorsese movie has grim humor, grit and grace.	a small dose of adrenaline in a film that could have used a bit more resuscitation.	Stunning and compelling, Scorsese and Cage succeed at satisfying the audience.
Poseidon is named after the wrong god. The god of laughter and derision is Momus, who was cast out of Olympus for mocking Zeus, Athena and Poseidon.	Personally I don't know what's not to enjoy here. This is perfect big-budget B-movieness. Simple plot, lots of action and a bit of melodrama thrown in just for kicks. Sit back and enjoy!	A few wrinkly high-fives are in order for the cast, who look like they spent as much time underwater as Jacques Cousteau ever did.	They took the Adventure out of the title, but Adventure is ALL that was left in. A great ride, with zero substance.	The director knows how to hammer tension out of the moment, and when Poseidon concentrates on being a tight-lipped, full throttle disaster film, it's persuasive and exquisite snuff entertainment.	This remake of The Poseidon Adventure delivers dazzling special effects. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem that any of the budget was left over to devote to the script.
The arguments the movie presents are powerful, necessary and, most importantly, underexplored by an increasingly distracted mainstream media.	Not too much new or surprising, but aimed at the uninformed, non-believers, if they still exist.	...feels like something we've all seen and heard before.	Too scattershot to land any effective punches.	Hour, even with its somewhat tedious presentation, has profound ideas to share, and in this naked intent lies a disturbing, chilling tale of a tomorrow we all can avoid through action and some good old-fashioned consideration.	Well-researched and swimming in scientific data, this global warming documentary offers some practical and wide-ranging solutions to our climate crisis.
Woo probably expected that Enders' battle with his demons would drive the movie but, unfortunately, Rice and Batteer's hackneyed script constantly gets in the way.	...if you, like me, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with, then you're in for a painful ride.	The premise is tangential to Woo's real purpose, which is to give audiences a visceral action thrill	Feels flabby and long, an intimate story trapped in a big-budget body.	You'd probably be better off reading Catch 22 - even if it is for the fifth time . . .	The action sequences are expertly staged. Windtalkers, however, sinks under too many clichés and only superficially touches upon the story of the code talkers.
Between this masterpiece and that other Ed (Wood), TIm Burton and Johnny Depp are at their dual-career best. Ed Wood is about how insane Hollywood is -- and Edward Scissorhands delivers the pure magic that, once in a rare while, escapes the place.	Definitely one of Burton's masterpieces, maybe THE one.	Moody and bizarre modern fairytale that works on a number of levels.	A film you can't help but love...	An engaging film, one which falls early in director Tim Burton's career, helping to highlight a remarkable decade's run of moody, quirky and goofy films.	The first collaboration between Johnny Depp and Tim Burton, Edward Scissorhands is a magical modern fairy tale with gothic overtones and a sweet center.
The movie is wall-to-wall with special effects, and they're all convincing, although it's impossible for me to explain how Bill and Jo escape serious injury while staring right up into the Suck Zone of the Finger of God.	I like Twister. I really like it. Okay: I love it.	The story is pretty thin, but the gee-whiz effects -- especially in an auditorium with good stereo sound -- are guaranteed to knock the audience for a loop.	An expert in making audiences squirm and twist, at making us feel the rush of experience right along with the actors, De Bont choreographs action and suspense so beautifully he makes it seem like a snap.	Science aside, it's not hard to feel that these excitable characters are a wee bit berserk. But the movie works as escapism even if you do know enough to come in out of the rain.	A high-concept blockbuster that emphasizes special effects over three-dimensional characters, Twister's visceral thrills are often offset by the film's generic plot.
The film is lean, harsh and remarkably free of cant.	... left me feeling curiously unmoved and even slightly resentful.	In its fitful remembering, United 93 raises important questions about the making of history.	it's a respectable extrapolation that doesn't paint the terrorists as villains or the passengers as heroes. The movie doesn't need to.	The best film of the year so far.	Potent and sobering, United 93 is even more gut-wrenching because the outcome is already known. While difficult to watch, director Paul Greengrass' film has been made with skill and treats the subject matter with respect, never resorting to the aggrandizement of which Hollywood has sometimes been accused. Especially effective is the cast of mostly unknown actors, who portray the passengers of the doomed flight as ordinary people who respond with bravery to extraordinary circumstances.
This film is a must see for anyone who appreciates film as well as anyone who loves Shakespeare, two very laudable conditions.	More an impression of Macbeth than an actual Macbeth>/i>.	Throne of Blood spectacularly transforms the source play -- turning it into a terrifying journey through darkness, evil, and despair.	Toshiro Mifune gives a winning quirky performance.	Its primary source subject to familiarity and its author's trademark apparent, Throne of Blood is nonetheless original, liberally inspired by multiple sources and seen, in result, as a singular novelty.	A career high point for Akira Kurosawa -- and one of the best film adaptations of a Shakespeare play.
If a movie is only as good as its villain, then Unleashed is a very good movie indeed.	There's a lot to enjoy in Unleashed.	Morgan Freeman can always peer into people's souls without needing to ask too many questions.	Benefits from an unabashedly sentimental heart.	Audiences may play dead when they realize just how silly and insipid Unleashed is unleashed from its nasty fight scenes.	Jet Li gets to emote in some emotionally awkward scenes, but the gritty fight sequences come through in what is Li's best English language film.
Each of the four central characters is quirky and flawed; what is supremely interesting is how we change our minds about them all. What begins as an oddball idea is fleshed out by way of a myriad branches, leading into different but credible directions	Part road movie, part romance, part coming-of-age comedy and part something entirely its own, "Safety Not Guaranteed" is an unexpected pleasure.	More focused on emotion than adventure, it teases out the possibilities and perils of time travel without embroiling itself in the confusion inherent to the subject.	A pleasantly ramshackle affair balanced uniquely between the crass and the sweet.	Safety Not Guaranteed is droll and hilarious, but there isn't a cheap laugh in it, and the ending is so perfect it sends you soaring.	Safety Not Guaranteed's ostensibly modest ambitions are outmatched by the movie's strong performances, beguiling charm, and heartfelt story.
Its screenplay is mostly second-rate soap opera and its direction plodding, with many scenes held, awkwardly, longer than they need to be.	This effort from writer/director David G. Evans gets points for soft-peddling dogma in favor of human stories. And the film benefits from a compelling performance by Michael Joiner, a Kansas City-based stand-up comic who provides a watchable center.	It's OK to put out a movie with a message. But rendering even potentially dramatic stories so inoffensive that they bear no relation to reality makes for middling drama.	A series of hard-to-swallow coincidences wrap up the story too neatly.	...not so much a bad movie as a timid one, in that it fails to fulfill the potential of its honestly not bad script, which raises some difficult questions ... and its denouement, however predictable, is genuinely moving.	Tailored for a very specific audience, The Grace Card delivers its noble religious message via implausible plot twists and preachy dialogue.
[A] film ... destined to be among the year's most discussed, honored and profitable.	Not as revolutionary as it once was, the film still packs a punch.	This inconsistency of direction is the most obvious fault of Bonnie and Clyde, which has some good ingredients, although they are not meshed together well.	Bonnie and Clyde (1967) is one of the sixties' most talked-about, controversial crime/gangster films combining comedy, terror, love, and ferocious violence	Like The Graduate, this doesn't live up to its legendary status. Time has worn away its impact.	A paradigm-shifting classic of American cinema, Bonnie and Clyde packs a punch whose power continues to reverberate through thrillers decades later.
At 162 minutes, the intensity becomes overwhelming.	While (Taymor's) film version isn't exactly a solemn spectacle, neither is it much fun.	Taymor manages to play with images and music as effectively as Luhrman's Romeo + Juliet or McKellan's Richard III, yet weaves a tale so powerful and stark that it leave you breathless.	Tecnicamente brilhante, esta inventiva adaptaусo traz зtimas atuaушes - com exceусo de Cumming, que parece estar ensaiando para um revival de Rocky Horror Picture Show.	Jessica Lange as Tamora, the captured Goth queen, seethes with sexuality and vengeance.	The movie stretches too long to be entertaining despite a strong cast.
Daft but nonetheless enjoyable supernatural thriller, featuring some hilariously bad dialogue, impressive special effects and some genuinely creepy scenes.	... a supernatural teen drama that wouldn't be so bad if you didn't have to pay good money to see it.	More nonsensical than scary, THE COVENANT conjures a cautionary tale for prep school pretties.	Director Renny Harlin ("The Long Kiss Goodnight") phones in this thoughtless teen horror flick from screenwriter J.S. Cardone ("The Forsaken").	... Covenant is devoid of any real scares.	The Covenant plays out like a teen soap opera, full of pretty faces, wooden acting, laughable dialogue, and little suspense.
If you love Dylan Thomas (who doesn't?), then you will love this film.	Great claims have been made for it, which I cannot endorse, Koppel's stated intentions being infinitely more arresting than the completed film.	Koppel's film transcends the pedagogic to touch the celebratory, the holistic, the mystical.	"Sleep Furiously" is a lovely film, but maddeningly complacent.	Sleep Furiously returns again and again to this idea of transition: seasons change, cows go out to pasture and come in for milking, piglets are born, lambs follow their mothers as dogs herd them. Farming traditions are dynamic.	This poetic and tender portrait of a Welsh village is a slow moving yet elegantly accomplished British documentary.
It is full of so much humor, grace, and unexpected detail, and arrives in such a truthful place, that in the end it's far more enthralling than the typical rags-to-riches tale one might have anticipated.	Just as Hoop Dreams had the urgency of great storytelling, Sugar exhibits the patience of the most penetrating documentary.	Not your usual film about chasing the American dream, Sugar gains mileage instead from a more sober brand of inspiration while imparting wisdom in the form of welcome reality checks.	Boden and Fleck are exceptional talents who refuse to sweeten Sugar for mass consumption. The result is raw and riveting.	A powerfully engaging coming-of-age immigration sports documentary-style drama. And this unpredictable genre mash-up is pure magic.	Sugar is an exceptionally-crafted film -- part sports flick, part immigrant tale -- with touching and poignant drama highlighted by splendid performances.
With more than half a dozen extremely cool action sequences, it's not a couple of so-so scenes that will make it any less of an unforgettable movie, and one of the best crafted Hollywood action flicks I've seen.	It's a tank of a movie, big, powerful and hard to resist.	It's big and clever, and one could argue that even Skynet would appreciate its technical skill.	An explosive sequel.	With a grand array of special effects, a plotline that doesn't trip itself up too many times and a warped sense of humor, it may be as indestructable as the cyborgs that form its core.	T2 features thrilling action sequences and eye-popping visual effects, but what takes this sci-fi/ action landmark to the next level is the depth of the human (and cyborg) characters.
Bad News Bears pitches more than punchlines. The film has a moral, even if it doesn't explore the deepest themes.	Often a shot-for-shot redux--the worst kind of cover song.	Billy Bob Thornton is the best weapon against cute that a kid baseball movie ever had.	That Linklater manages to make his remake as affecting as it is -- and there are moments of pure goofball zaniness scattered throughout -- is only surprising to those who haven't been following his sublimely wild-carding career.	Bad News Bears is packed with laughs, but almost all of them are cheaply won	This too-faithful remake aims low for laughs, turning off the easily offendable; despite another lovably irascible contribution by Thornton, it lacks the ensemble strength and originality of the 1976 version.
The defining moment in the auteur's career-long dedication to lionizing Baltimore's misfit population.	The actors are best when they avoid exaggeration and remain weirdly sincere. That way, they do nothing to break the vibrant, even hallucinogenic spell of Mr. Waters's nostalgia.	Hairspray might be tame by the director's standards, but it loses none of its subversive energy in its quest for a PG-rating.	Controversial filmmaker John Waters finally hits his commercial stride in this film, parlaying his keen social observation and great compassion for society's outsiders into a colorful and engaging comedy full of dancing, music and heartfelt nostalgia.	A Zany delight.....Lake is outstanding!	Hairspray is perhaps John Waters' most accessible film, and as such, it's a gently subversive slice of retro hilarity.
A deeply unsettling experience.	Knuckle is a curiously riveting work.	Palmer shows real integrity and gets incredible access, but there's only so long you can watch people beating the hell out of each other before wanting to throw in the towel yourself.	Chock full of larger-than-life characters, it's an enthralling insight into a raw, bloodied world.	Palmer's grainy, handheld camerawork won't win any aesthetic prizes, but it's in tune with his subject.	A gritty documentary that captures the brutality and banality of bare-knuckle fights among Irish Travellers.
The graceful arcs of character and plot make it an effective emotional film	Moland's humanistic story about xenophobia, man's persevering spirit, and life's bitter ironies only stumbles during its final act.	This haunting film casts a wide swath that veers between obvious cliches and intensely visceral truths.	The Beautiful Country provides a panorama without insight.	If Moland is a bit more interested in romantic melodrama than anthropology, the plight of the refugee still makes the intended emotional impact.	The plight of Asian refugees is sensitively rendered, and the movie builds, with the help of Nolte, to a wrenchingly poignant conclusion.
Even William H. Macy's raw, spare performance cannot save Edmond from distastefulness almost beyond imagination.	Mamet's relentless attempts to provoke viewers seem pretty childish today.	In this screen adaptation of David Mamet's play, William H. Macy is perfectly cast as a prim Manhattan businessman who heeds his inner demons and plummets into free fall.	Hoy d%uFFFDa, (...) una pieza como Edmond no resulta todo lo inquietante que deber%uFFFDa. Eso quiz%uFFFDs sea lo verdaderamente llamativo.	Edmond is too self-absorbed for us to care much about his fate, but like the proverbial train wreck, you can't tear your eyes -- or your ears -- away from the spectacle.	Despite an electrifying performance by William H. Macy, David Mamet's one-act morality play translates poorly into a film that is overburdened by dialogue.
This film is clearly designed as a comedy as opposed to a drama. A few jokes will put a smile on your face but there's not enough to warrant a "must see" recommendation.	Five rounds to De Niro and five to Stallone. Special mention for the banal screenplay which is passable whenever nobody in the cast is speaking.	The underlying premise of Grudge Match is appealing, even if the execution is lackluster.	Umpteen rounds of flabby, lacklustre "dramedy" that was probably much more fun on paper.	If the idea is for us to recall that we've enjoyed seeing these actors in vaguely similar roles, I guess it sort of works, but the problem is that those were good movies, and the images from them remind us that "Grudge Match" is horrible.	Grudge Match is sporadically funny but meandering, and its strong cast largely mired in a plot that's overrun with clichés.
This will do very well with the target audience but it's a little tough to suffer through as an adult (even for us and we can be pretty immature).	She's a blonde haired, blue eyed mermaid who loves Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream. HELLO SARA PAXTON, I AM IN LOVE!!!!	It's hopeful, it's healthy, it squeals in all the right places and it offers proof positive that being stuck up is a bad thing.	Cross the Gidget flicks with a sudsy fish-out-of-water tale and -- poof -- you'll get this 'tween fantasy, which only lands with a small splash.	Aquamarine's modest charms make it an agreeable diversion for its intended demographic.	A lighthearted, gum-smacking, boy-crazy film with a hopeful message for young girls.
Patchy but powerful rumination on myth, youth and man's capacity for brutality.	... part homage to the Western genre and part eulogy to a disappearing American West, and the intentions of which are as cryptic and enigmatic as the look on Norton's face.	An intelligent deconstruction of the myths and counter-myths of the American West.	None of the characters ever rings true ... and the story meanders like a lazy stream in summer.	The film just keeps circling, never narrowing in on who its characters truly are or where it wants to take them.	The premise of Old West clashing with modern suburbia is fresh and initially intriguing, but the second act degenerates into a clumsy jumble of events which strain credibility.
What a waste of a perfect cast.	It's a harrowing, difficult film that's only for the most adventurous art-house movie fans.	Seems less like a fictional story than a tour through Freud's forgotten files.	Haneke has created a character who walks the edges of madness and reason, who acts on impulses that are odd and abhorrent, who seems totally foreign to her audience, but remains entirely, terrifyingly, human.	Older innocence collides with youthful wisdom in this slow-moving but consistently impressive and unsettling look at spinsterhood.	Though it makes for rather unpleasant viewing, The Piano Teacher is a riveting and powerful psychosexual drama.
Mamma Mia! lacks even one big fantastic set piece; visually, each musical number is chopped up into tiny little bits.	Once it gets past its high-pitched squeals of estrogen-fueled excitement in the opening sequences, director Phyllida Lloyd's screen adaptation of the popular Broadway play based on Abba songs, settles into a harmonically pleasing comedy set amid the extra	...certain sequences are inherently far more affecting and engaging than others.	The big-screen Mamma Mia! rises above its flaws through an A-list leading lady and, like its stage-musical predecessor, skillful exploitation of the both fun and pathos in Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus' undeniable music.	There is a fine line between something that is so bad it's good, and something that's genuinely good, and Mamma Mia! straddles it throughout.	This jukebox musical is full of fluffy fun but rough singing voices and a campy tone might not make you feel like "You Can Dance" the whole 90 minutes.
The film is more gentle than harsh, relying on a very fine performance from the charming Faour and settings in Palestine and Illinois that seem very real.	uneven -- but also smart and impressingly earnest	Director Cherien Dabis' debut feature is a surprising, humorous, moving and very human story about a Palestinian family's emigration to Illinois on the eve of the Iraq war.	You'll end up baffled that a film built on such shaky foundations can end up being so impossibly sweet.	Does it occur to xenophobic Americans that almost all immigrants, like their own ancestors, came here because they admire the United States? Someone please explain that to Lou Dobbs.	A dramedy that's got a taste for the tragic as well as the poignantly comic, Amreeka adds a new sweetness to the hope and distress of the immigrant experience.
The frequent outbursts of comedy help alleviate a tone that's appropriately muted and sad, and Jenkins should be credited for refusing to tack smiley-faces onto a tough, possibly lose-lose situation.	Vital, honest, and engaging.	So darned depressing in its observancy that it's no stretch to assume that writer/director Jenkins might have experienced something entirely similar first hand.	Hoffman and Linney make a great comedy team, even though the movie they're in is a sometimes grim affair...	It is the very particular humanity of the characters involved that makes it a successful and unique work of art.	Thanks to a tender, funny script from director Tamara Jenkins, and fine performances from Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney, this film delivers a nuanced, beautifully three-dimensional look at the struggles and comforts of family bonds.
A movie every bit as awkward and laborious as its unwieldy, ridiculous title.	Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor's PG-13 rating, but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution.	Now the studio has smartly served up an R-rated sequel so the blood could flow, and it does. Unfortunately, it doesn't flow with much imagination.	Un spectacle insipide, ennuyant ŕ mourir et de trčs mauvais goűt	Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series, which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises' original films.	The increased gore and violence over the first Alien vs. Predator can't excuse Requiem's disorientating editing, excessively murky lighting, and lack of new ideas.
A far cry from the Nancy Meyers rom-com promised by its trailer, Brett Haley's directorial debut is a poignant if slight drama elevated by its impressive candor and by Blythe Danner's radiant performance.	While this gentle comedy itself isn't a deathless work of art, the role turns out to have been worth the wait for this longtime character actress.	What "I'll See You" does particularly well is get at how any relationship - whatever your age - comes with a limited, rather than a lifetime, warranty.	It's hopeful and realistic in equal measure, and it's anchored by a quietly resplendent performance from Danner, who brings a featherduster touch to everything she does.	I'll See You in My Dreams may not be "about" much, but nonetheless, it has a lot to say and, like its characters, says it with precision.	I'll See You in My Dreams would be worth watching even if Blythe Danner's central performance was all it had going for it, but this thoughtful drama satisfies on multiple levels.
The multiple plotting threatens to pull it apart.	Another of Kiyoshi Kurosawa's chilling portraits of micro and macro alienation, a family drama as chillingly controlled and despondent as the horror films that gained him international recognition.	A strong and sensitive drama that is all the more surprising because it is most assuredly not the kind of thing that those familiar with Kurosawa's work might be expecting	Tokyo Sonata is a bit overwrought, especially in the final act, but it is beautifully shot, features moving performances by the well-chosen cast and has the unity of vision that is the hallmark of an auteur.	The family is just one of the nuclear units on the brink of systemic collapse in Kurosawa's mordant contemporary opus, which... builds up an edifice of wit around tragedy.	J-Horror director Kiyoshi Kurosawa turns successfully to dramedy and gives a unique (and specifically national) perspective to the universal subjects of family and identity.
George Lucas has made the kind of sci-fi adventure movie you dream about finding.	The spirit of Buck Rogers lives on as writer-director George Lucas continues to pay homage to that gentleman of the 25th Century in a wow of a sci-fi film.	Like some indefatigable King of the Hill, it stands alone and triumphant, regardless of the many imitators that assail its position.	Watching this movie will help you relive your childhood, or help make new memories with your own kids.	So, is this the best film of all time? Certainly not. But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to be seduced.	A legendarily expansive and ambitious start to the sci-fi saga, George Lucas opened our eyes to the possiblites of blockbuster filmmaking and things have never been the same.
If British filmmaking means to stage a comeback, it is likely to happen by way of nuanced, character-rich movies like this.	The movie brims with visual wit.	The movie is a charmer, even as it manipulates with the rigor of an experiment in Pavlovian conditioning.	A funny, charming movie. The cast is loveable and believable.	There's actually a lot going on in this little movie, and first-time feature director Stephen Daldry ... handles all of it deftly.	Billy Elliot is a charming movie that can evoke both laughter and tears.
Yimou's and Takakura's combined talents turn a picaresque adventure into a rich vein of a gold mine.	A father takes a spiritual journey from Japan to China to help mend a decades-long rift between himself and his dying son. The lessons learned en route are as profound as they are simple.	"Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles," is a picture so emotionally rich and genuine that I found myself reaching for tissues.	Zhang is one of the world's great filmmakers, both in technique and in his rich humanity. Riding Alone will move you.	The movie's message is a little too Hallmark Hall of Fame, but Zhang's observant eye neatly captures the idiosyncrasies of Chinese life and the heartbreak in Gouichi's journey.	Doesn't reach the heights of Zhang Yimou's best, but this is still a heartwarming tale of love and forgiveness from the acclaimed Chinese director.
It's compelling, crowd-pleasing escapist entertainment with a patriotic, flag-waving finale.	Once you strip away the red, white and blue bunting, the film we're left with is one swell action sequence -- a prison riot -- and every prison movie cliche in the (1940s vintage) book.	In spite of its faults, Lurie's film cannot be easily dismissed.	Like Lurie's other films, the acting is superb, especially Gandofini. But there's nothing amazing here. The ending is so preordained that's it's actually boring.	Well worth seeing for Gandolfini's seething introspective characterization.	The Last Castle is well acted and rousing for the most part, but the story can't stand up to close scrutiny.
Hop is a cheap chocolate Easter bunny of a movie; completely hollow, well beyond its sell-by date, and after it's finished you're left feeling a bit ill.	What could have been a painfully childish animated Easter romp is given a shot of deranged humour and an above-average cast of voices and cameos.	"Hop" is hip. And sassy, speedy and slick. It's that rarest of surprises, a movie for kids that transcends age barriers.	It offers few surprises, and for your buck all you'll essentially get is a cringe-inducing dance number, lame gags and an admittedly alluring display of oversized chocolate. Avoid.	Though the integration of live action and animation is improving (especially a scene where E.B. cuddles with Fred's sister), it's still a slightly disorienting experience.	It's impressively animated, but Hop's script is so uninspired that not even James Marsden's frantic mugging can give it any bounce.
Atkinson's physical comedy is so finely honed that there are moments when his timing is almost balletic, lifting the predictable story to sublime heights.	If Brit comic Rowan Atkinson really is retiring his greatest creation, he's certainly kissing him off in style with this glossy, often charming road picture that has none of the coarse or crass tone of the Hollywood hit Bean of 10 years ago.	It's an improvement, and even intermittently funny.	Things break, food is inappropriately disposed of and a silly man in a brown suit makes bug-eyed faces. Just the thing your inner toddler might like, assuming he can stay awake.	Rowan Atkinson's second feature-length outing as the bumbling Brit has moments of genuine humor and charm, but overall, [it's] more of a mini-break than a full vacation	Mr. Bean's Holiday means well, but good intentions can't withstand the 90 minutes of monotonous slapstick and tired, obvious gags.
As sad as its finale was, the life of film critic Roger Ebert had as much incident, drama and joy as any ten movies he ever reviewed, and this completely absorbing doc tells his deeply human story with rare truth and beauty.	Even Ebert might have felt James' candid and compassionate assessment runs a bit long. But such is the consequence of a life lived, and told, in full.	You observe as a materialist - who fully expected to return to the nothing from which he came - grapples with the very real notion that his consciousness will soon disappear.	A very human love letter to a genuine man that will give even his most hard core fans new insight.	No less than James's capital punishment documentary At the Death House Door, this asks us to think long and hard about what it means to die with dignity.	Rich in detail and warmly affectionate, Life Itself offers a joyful yet poignant tribute to a critical cinematic legacy.
A great cast is wasted on an uninspired script that's frustratingly executed by director Venville.	Chekhov does small town USA in this zany, simmering slo-mo character driven retro-crime caper that plays out as a detour to an incidental bank heist, on the way to a softball game. Caan and Keanu are a strangely intoxicating match made in Buffalo.	The film feels a bit enervated, even when the script asks it to fly off the rails toward the end.	If "Henry's Crime'' is occasionally too pleased with itself, it's also pleasantly unpredictable, and it has a trio of sweet hambone performances at its center.	A felony of a movie ... tedious and improbable...	Supporting actors Vera Farmiga and James Caan give the movie a little heft, but Henry's Crime is an otherwise predictable heist/comedy with slow pacing.
The energy that propels the action and the style and humor of the film and its players makes El Mariachi an entertaining ride.	Low-budget filmmaking at its most clever.	Juicy, adroit, and likable.	Brilliant low-budget filmmaking. Better than most action films with ten times the budget.	Rodriguez goes for broke with a breakneck pace, swarms of bullets, cinematic tricks, and a tone as playful as it is knowing of genre conventions. The director's light touch is all his own; and this unpretentious offering delivers in all departments.	Made on a shoestring budget, El Mariachi's story is not new. However, the movie has so much energy that it's thoroughly enjoyable.
Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.	Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.	The film itself is very broken-backed, partly because Anne Bancroft's performance as the mother carries so much more weight than Katharine Ross' as the daughter, partly because Nichols couldn't decide whether he was making a social satire or a farce.	Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.	Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.	The music, the performances, the precision in capturing the post-college malaise -- The Graduate's coming-of-age story is indeed one for the ages.
Though they share the same title, director Clio Barnard's bewitching follow-up to The Arbor bears little cosmetic similarity to the fluorescent idyll of Oscar Wilde's 19th century children's fable.	The film is its own beast with its own beauty, and a spirit that's wild rather than Wildean.	Barnard's subject matter rewards in many respects and her storytelling flair stays with you long after the end credits. British cinema has conversely never felt so invigorating.	The pic is ostensibly more conventional than Barnard's acclaimed hybrid-doc debut, The Arbor, but exhibits stunning formal progress nonetheless.	The Selfish Giant is a stunning film, almost literally so in the sense that it leaves you dazed with its forensic and uncompromising depiction of Britain on the breadline, as well as its achingly sad ending.	Starkly emotional and beautifully directed, The Selfish Giant uses a lovely script and some powerful performances to present some of the best that modern British cinema has to offer.
While the nauseating statistics about rape and sexual abuse are prominent in the film, it is the dedication of the growing numbers of victims coming forth that will cause change.	Too few women (and men) have too little chance to share their stories. Dick's film is a valuable spotlight.	The Hunting Ground qualifies as activist filmmaking. More power to it. You can read all the statistics you want, but there's no substitute for bearing witness - especially in such overwhelming numbers.	The Hunting Ground explores its disturbing subject so thoroughly that the documentary feels more like a horror film - a slasher movie where the psyches of its young, smart victims are in tatters.	The Hunting Ground is a clear piece of survivors' advocacy. Dick's purpose is not to be fair to both sides. But is that such a problem when no one has been fair to his subjects?	The Hunting Ground isn't director Kirby Dick's strongest work as a filmmaker, but the movie's powerful message more than trumps any technical weaknesses.
One of the better pics from Hollywood but you won't want to run away to join this circus.	Based on the spinal column of a richly worthwhile novel, a catastrophically miscast lead duo and a vegetarian screen story only serve up scant droplets from this tale's oceanic potential.	Witherspoon has never been more beautiful or dramatic. She and Pattinson create a beautiful love story	Undermined by a stoic portrayal of its central romance.	A visual treat and a fascinating look at circus life in a bygone era. If only this were a little more memorable.	It's a tale tastefully told and beautifully filmed, but Water for Elephants suffers from a pronounced lack of chemistry between its leads.
"Tangled" is a great film that should have been the fourth Oscar nominee for Best Animated feature.	Thoroughly enjoyable.	By mixing up and confusing the purpose of cinematic amusement and fairy tales, Tangled is aptly named for the mass misperception of popular entertainment as a mechanism of gimmicks rather than an expression of feelings.	Disney has a good hair day as the revamped story of Rapunzel leaps from the screen, and not just because it's made in 3-D.	It's no Whole New World, but with (mostly) smart lyrics and colourful characters, Disney's back in business.	While far from Disney's greatest film, Tangled is a visually stunning, thoroughly entertaining addition to the studio's classic animated canon.
Proving Tom Hanks is still Acting King, the character-driven Larry Crowne should make a splash with the date crowd.	It's easy enough to accept the romantic-comedy luck of the two finding each another. It's much tougher, and ultimately useless, to buy everything else about this fairy tale of self-reinvention in a stalled economy.	Hanks fans will revel in their hero's hour in this innocuous tale that's well intentioned for all its mediocre happenings and foreseeable ending.	Ringing true fairly consistently and lingering afterwards even in its lightness, the film doesn't have to try to please. It just does.	Works only because of the likability of Hanks and Roberts.	Despite the relaxed, easy chemistry of stars Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts, Larry Crowne is surprisingly bland and conventional.
a credible account	This unconventionally thrilling adaptation of the memoir by Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl compensates with visual flair what it lacks in intimate details.	the directors feel at once enamored and burdened by the impossibility of the narrative, and spend nearly two hours trying to convince the audience it all really happened	How much is fiction and how much is deliberate confusion?	While the wind goes out of its sails a few times along the way, this is a ravishingly photographed, old-fashioned man-against-the-elements adventure epic propelled by human-scaled heroics.	A well-crafted retelling of an epic true story, Kon Tiki is a throwback to old-school adventure filmmaking that's exciting and entertaining in spite of its by-the-book plotting.
Funny People is a film Apatow directed a decade too soon to perfect. But just you wait until 2019, and then he'll really bowl us over.	Judd Apatow (Knocked Up, The 40-Year-Old Virgin) takes some interesting chances in this messy but engaging comedy, which suggests he may yet mature (no, seriously) into a filmmaker of substance.	...a perfect compliment to what is now the Apatow trilogy.	The Rogen-Sandler team make for ideal Apatow-style comedy-drama.	Funny People is a true brass ring effort, a reach for excellence that takes big risks.	Funny People features the requisite humor, as well as considerable emotional depth, resulting in Judd Apatow's most mature film to date.
A modest proposal: What say we declare a moratorium on special-effects movies about adolescents on a quest to save the world from darkness?	A slapdash story told hastily, without whimsy or wit.	Screenwriter John Hodge strips Cooper's story of its details and charm, reducing it to a kind of characterless, elemental video game -- an apocalyptic scavenger hunt.	The Dark is Rising is yet another lackluster and derivative entry in the overstuffed genre of youth-oriented fantasy films.	Throughout its interminable and steadfastly, maniacally bewildering running time, neither the cast nor director Cunningham appear to have even the most rudimentary idea of what is going on from one sequence to the next.	The magic of the book is lost in translation with The Seeker, due to its clumsy plot and lack of heart.
A hard-hitting western with upper-case values out of the busy Italo stable, this is a topnotch action entry.	A tremendously good sequel, on top of being a tremendously good movie in and of itself - surely the best Italian Western at the time of its release.	One excellent western.	Clint's spaghetti oater #2 has its stylistic, no-name moments.	Underrated.	With Clint Eastwood in the lead, Ennio Morricone on the score, and Sergio Leone's stylish direction, For a Few Dollars More earns its recognition as a genre classic.
A good comedy with jokes and nostalgia for the whole family and tasteful subject matter. But it would have been as good or better without the Hanks father-son team.	Malkovich, mixing the magician shtick with a dogged resiliency, a dab of pathos, and more than a bit of mystery (did he really just hypnotize 300 people?), is simply a joy to watch.	I really enjoyed this film.	John Malkovich's eccentric performance elevates this showbiz comedy about a delusional has-been way above its routine text.	The Great Buck Howard is cheekily observant about celebrity self-importance while still conveying Buck's commitment to entertaining regular folks.	By turns fluffy and biting, this show biz comedy is given girth by comic heavyweight John Malkovich and made all the more charming by Emily Blunt.
The visually stylish, if narratively stodgy, film is a parable of Hollywood success and personal failure told with authority by one himself a showbiz victor and victim.	Well-cast, smartly directed and mounted, it's built upon an intriguing piece of Hollywood lore.	The performances are a delight, especially Dunst's effervescent turn as Marion Davies.	Too often, Cat's Meow feels stagey, dressy, miscast and generally inauthentic.	An intense, convincing and gorgeous fictionalized recreation of a murder that took place aboard William Randolph Hearst's yacht.	The Cat's Meow is a deliciously evoked period piece and whodunit.
A western that wrestles briefly with Unforgiven introspection before contenting itself with fiddling around with a gun/dog fetish.	Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.	An imperfect but deeply involving and beautifully made Western.	Open Range does not reach the heights of such classic Westerns as Red River or Unforgiven. It strives to be classy, which is one of its faults.	The year's first serious contender for big prizes.	Greatly benefiting from the tremendous chemistry between Kevin Costner and Robert Duvall, Open Range is a sturdy modern Western with classic roots.
Lame, hokey, filled with plot holes, and cursed with a lazy script.	Hopefully this is the beginning of the end for raunchy teen comedies. I don't think my heart could bear another train wreck like this.	What begins as a potentially subversive take on the inner-city school problem becomes the unlikely film that would be better with more Eddie Griffin.	It's a dim-witted, disposable teen comedy delivering a loud MTV-driven lesson that your friends will like you no matter how many dumb mistakes you make.	One sits there wondering if all the fizzled and obvious gross-out and slapstick gags are supposed to be funny.	Incoherent, silly, and unoriginal, The New Guy offers up the same old teen gross-out comedy cliches.
All that moviemaking money, plus all those gadgets, plus Ben Affleck: It doesn't add up to very much.	I'm not saying Affleck is in way over his head, but a scuba tank and swim fins might come in handy.	In light of the most recent terrorist warnings, this edgy thriller about a lost nuclear weapon reasonates with timely apprehension and dread.	I didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot.	(Not) the biggest or best film of this summer's blockbuster season, but it does hold up well under fire as long as you don't think about anything too hard.	A slick and well-made thriller that takes on new weight due to the current political climate.
It is a goofy and amusing late summer film with more than enough laughs to recommend it.	...an amiable little film that covers familiar ground to entertaining ends. The finale is as expected but satisfying nonetheless.	Appeals to the part of you that dreams of stage diving, counting groupies and trashing hotel rooms.	It can be hard to explain what makes a star, but it's fairly easy to identify a performer who doesn't have that mysterious star stuff.	A pox on the house of the individual who first told Rainn Wilson he was a funny man. For the inconsiderate moose that decided to open their trap and inspire this actor, I wish them the same discomfort I suffered while watching The Rocker.	With a predictable and lightweight story, the earnest efforts of the cast are squandered by The Rocker's bland script.
Speed 2's a test of patience.	An ear-splitting amusement-park attraction posing as a movie.	It is exactly the type of movie that gives a bad name to sequels.	Action heroes are best when they are charming, winsome and witty. Bullock is inane, annoying and whiny.	Cruise control indeed, as in slow and phoned-in, coasting by on what is passed off as thrills.	Speed 2 falls far short of its predecessor, thanks to laughable dialogue, thin characterization, unsurprisingly familiar plot devices, and action sequences that fail to generate any excitement.
A more technically dazzling synthesis of action choreography and cutting-edge computer graphics has not been seen since James Cameron's T2.	It's probably the best looking movie I've ever seen.	The film's a ride. Granted, it's a ride with a decent and well-thought out story behind it, but a ride nonetheless.	The Matrix is really about filmmaking style rather than context.	The problem with The Matrix is that the enormously talented Wachowski brothers think their playful premise has metaphysical implications.	Thanks to the Wachowskis' imaginative vision, The Matrix is a smartly crafted combination of spectacular action and groundbreaking special effects.
a textbook on widescreen composition.	Mifune's smashing performance is the force that makes it all work so well.	Mifune's disheveled samurai is an almost cartoonlike send-up of the established samurai image.	A simple and highly effective action-comedy, with an outstanding performance from Mifune and an unforgettable finale.	Technically, the film is one of Kurosawa's most impressive, featuring some superbly staged sword battles and exceptional use of complex widescreen compositions.	Technically impressive and superbly acted, Sanjuro is a funny, action-packed samurai adventure featuring outstanding cinematography and a charismatic performance from Toshiro Mifune.
This enormously witty satire follows a British diplomatic staff as they fly to Washington to confer with their U.S. counterparts, who are secretly ginning up an invasion of the Middle East.	Armando Iannucci's debut feature In The Loop carries on the staggering comedic traditions of its source material, his critically embraced BBC series The Thick of It, hardly ever missing a step.	In the midst of the constant stream of mostly vacuous (and sometimes not) summer blockbusters, In the Loop is the tiniest of releases and one of the best ... maybe the best so far.	It's hilarious and wicked and cutting about the way things work in governments.	Obscenely merciless, skewering policy-makers in both the British and U.S. governments for the game-playing, spin-doctoring, self-serving entities they are.	In the Loop is an uncommonly funny political satire that blends Dr. Strangelove with Spinal Tap for the Iraq war era.
The weak story and bland hero are no match for the increasingly exciting visuals, while the score by Steve Jablonsky should be on exhibit in the Hall of Lead.	As ever, Otomo's attention to the most minute details of setting and character are beyond reproach.	Masculine brooding [fuels] Steamboy, with its monolithic, steam-spewing tower, powered by balls, constantly rumbling out of control.	Though it falls short of the crossover standard set by Hayao Miyazaki's Oscar-winning Spirited Away, the attempt is far too accomplished and inventive to dismiss.	It may be one of the most expensive anime features ever, but there isn't a wealth of entertainment on offer in Steamboy.	The story isn't the greatest, but there's an abundance of sci-fi eye candy to compensate.
This beautifully observed drama essentially strikes the same sad note for 98 minutes, though with enough sensitivity and emotional variation to make the experience cumulatively heartrending.	"What Maisie Knew" packs a surprising emotional punch, one that stays with you for a while when the movie's over.	It could make you angry, or open up old wounds, but in the best possible way. Let's get riled up, let's take it personally.	Despite the big-name adults around her, it's the unknown Onata Aprile who is the star of this movie.	A progressively heartbreaking piece of work...	It's undeniably difficult to watch at times, but What Maisie Knew ultimately rises on the strength of its solidly sourced script, powerful performances, and empathetic direction.
This intermittently effective UK horror thriller carefully establishes the psychological relationships among the women, then squanders this calibrated and generally plausible setup with a series of crude, implausible, and scattershot horror effects.	Marshall has a definite eye for the memorably nasty image - several of the shots here are liable to stay with you long after you've forgotten the rest of the film.	The Descent is very simply the scariest film I've seen in years.	Super-scary and vicious, both psychologically and physically, this cleverly produced chill-ride is edgy British horror at its very best.	Incredibly, Marshall is now being talked of as the great white hope of British horror. Now that is scary.	Deft direction and strong performances from its all-female cast guide The Descent, a riveting, claustrophobic horror film.
The time travel in 'Deja Vu' boggled my mind completely, and I'm still scratching my head trying to figure the whole thing out.	Denzel Washington is a fiery, dart-eyed action star.Denzel Washington is a fiery, dart-eyed action star.	I felt cheated.	Déjŕ Vu cannot escape the weight of its murky science, action-film formula and preposterous ending.	You'll get a headache from trying to apply plot logic to it . . .	Tony Scott tries to combine action, science fiction, romance, and explosions into one movie, but the time travel conceit might be too preposterous and the action falls apart under scrutiny.
One of the best things about Willow Creek is that it represents someone's unwavering vision, and in today's commodity oriented movie marketplace, that's unusual indeed.	Johnson and Gilmore have an easygoing rapport ... But once their characters venture deep into the woods, the film has nowhere to go but down the same narrative path as almost every found-footage tale since The Blair Witch Project began the craze in 1999.	In his comedies, Goldthwait always presents a very particular point of view, but in his foray into horror, he comes off as just another copycat.	Though it feels improvised, this is a well-honed work, with details laughed off in the daylight becoming spookily significant once darkness falls.	Goldthwait's pacing is all wrong, taking far too long to get his film where it needs to be and creating zero tension along the way.	Writer-director Bobcat Goldthwait's first foray into horror doesn't break any new ground, but it does wring fresh terror from a well-worn genre formula -- and offers a few nasty laughs in the bargain.
Annaud and his deft production team create believable dramatic characters without compromising the dignity of the animals they've borrowed as stars.	A strong tiger-centered story drives this endearing drama which takes cute and runs with it, climbs up trees with it, sucks your thumbs with it.	I defy any animal lover not to tear up with Kumal and Sangha reunite, even if it is a little faux.	Works as an engrossing outdoor adventure and quasi-documentary.	The kids are going to love it.	A charming family-friendly movie with stunning cinematography.
Honest, quietly absorbing and powerful.	The utterly unpretentious, stripped-down artistry of the Dardennes' story-telling delivers a profound payoff that exceeds expectations.	This is an astonishing movie.	It's spring-loaded with tension and driven by agonizing moral choice.	The simple but persuasive social drama at some point grabs your attention and never lets go.	Austere, finely crafted, and compelling.
It manages to go from cornball Capra wanna-be to overbaked courtroom grandstand without missing a beat, to say nothing of the ever-present 'insert emotion here' musical score.	Drastically pales in comparison to its two predecessors [The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile.	Smug, simpering and warmed over, The Majestic is a horrible film with delusions of grandeur.	Purposely painted with classic Hollywood movie form and color, this dramatically uneven production has its moments -- and they are not all Carrey's.	Sadly, because credibility takes a back seat to sentimentality, "The Majestic" comes up quite shy of its title.	Ponderous and overlong, The Majestic drowns in forced sentimentality and resembles a mish-mash of other, better films.
The end is supposed to make us giddy with a plot well spun; instead, it leaves us flat.	Interesting, original premise starts off with a slow burn, but eventually challenges you into watching the screen without a cringe.	A dark, probing, truly disturbing exploration of yuppie angst and male anxieties as they manifest themselves in both the work and personal arenas.	A highlight of the 97 Sundance Film Fest, LaBute's astonishing debut is a dark, probing, vastly entertaining satire about misogyny and sexual politics in the work as well as personal arena; LaBute is a major dialoguist to watch	The three leads inhabit their roles in the way only unknown actors can. They really seem to become the characters they're playing.	Neil LaBute's pitch-black comedy is a masterful exploration of male insecurity, and it's elevated by a breakout performance by Aaron Eckhart as a businessman who likes to play psychological games.
For all its shortcomings, Ghosts of the Abyss is an often powerful trek, that showcases the experiential qualities of the IMAX format.	Cameron proves himself modest here, finding an unexpectedly low-key approach to a monumental subject.	It may not have the organisation of 'art', but it's quite some postcard.	Not educational in any real sense, but if you get past the annoyance of the 3-D glasses, it's a fascinating glimpse at an awesome part of world history.	Ghosts of the Abyss is all about the spectacle of a six-story screen and the sensory bombardment of a rope flying at you or bubbles heading for the surface right in front of your nose.	The underwater footage is both beautiful and awe-inspiring.
This is the real deal, and it shows up the likes of pre-Eighties Xanadu and Roller Boogie poseurs with a funky, grooving panache that's all its own.	Quite possibly the finest roller disco movie ever made.	When you behold the teen boogie skaters of Roll Bounce, which is set in Chicago in 1978, those funky/silly movements give you a happy jolt of pleasure. It's hard not to notice that the kitschiness of the dancing is what makes it so...optimistic.	Cinematic cotton candy, but it goes down easily, even if there's not a lot of nourishment in it.	This homage to the '70s teen movie is so on target it might as well be a '70s teen movie.	Roll Bounce dazzles us with a classic late 1970's feel, but this coming of age film could have been more than just a spin around the roller rink.
We're forced to stare both the perpetrators and the victims full in the face, to see what made them the fools they are and what will come of the foolishness they commit.	After-school-special level dialogue hangs heavily in the air after it is spoken. But the cast is utterly genuine, transcending the limits of the screenplay.	[Writer-director Jacob Aaron Estes] coats everything in a brooding self-importance, as if he was intent on making the most depressing After-School Special ever.	A remarkable feat...the audience not only becomes part of the film, but becomes young again.	Bullies are people too!	Mean Creek is an uncomfortably riveting glimpse into the casual cruelty of youth.
The movie hits its message a little too emphatically, and its narrative unwinds a little too schematically. But Spall's performance, along with that of Juliet Stevenson as his devoted and sometimes credulous spouse, keeps things grounded.	Dark but absorbing.	Morbid Goths and reserved Anglophiles can at last find some common ground	See it if you're a fan of serious, literate drama and virtuoso acting.	Grim and disturbing yet perversely riveting.	Director Adrian Shergold doesn't shy away from the darker elements of the movie's subject, and Timothy Spall is mesmerizing as the title character.
Ultimately, the film does work as an inspirational tale even if it requires way too much effort and patience on the viewer's part before it gets there.	With the help of a great screenplay and tremendous acting, this film ... soars above the typical minority/underdog formula to inspire more than it manipulates.	A sort of 'Glory Road' or 'Pride' rewrite that celebrates young people who are better at stringing words than shooting hoops or swimming laps.	As the director, [Denzel] Washington brings no special stylistic flourish to the film, instead placing himself at the straightforward service of the Oprah Winfrey-produced story.	Ultimately, as it should be, what carries the day is the power of the arguments and our recognition that it is forming these positions that will lead to the foundation of the civil rights era.	A wonderful cast and top-notch script elevate The Great Debaters beyond a familiar formula for a touching, uplifting drama.
The vast majority of his veteran contemporaries should be so lucky as to have their best dramas be as engrossing as Frank's first.	Small but satisfying, and you're pleased to find yourself in the company of a writer who knows what he's doing, doesn't showboat yet doesn't turn to stone, and plays straight into the tangy strengths of his script.	[Frank] has come up with a perfectly entertaining film, a decent diversion, without uncovering anything truly extraordinary.	The plot swings are surprising, the characters are interesting and multidimensional, and the performers are riveting.	Credit for the moody and brilliantly inventive caper "The Lookout" goes to director Scott Frank for his sober and edgy script and Joseph Gordon-Levitt for his compelling and star-turning performance	The Lookout is a genuinely suspenseful and affecting noir due to the great ensemble cast and their complex, realistic characters.
An exciting, funny and intelligent piece of filmmaking -- one that will likely appeal to both children and adults.	Warm and touching.	I bawled my eyes out at the genuinely moving ending, so there's some fun here for grownups, too.	The characters are well conceptualized, and a few computer-aided shots are quite breathtaking.	The movie -- as beautifully drawn, as sleek and engaging as it is -- has the annoyance of incredible smugness. It is, one could say, blinded by the hindsight.	The endearing Iron Giant tackles ambitious topics and complex human relationships with a steady hand and beautifully animated direction from Brad Bird.
A wonderfully crafted and stylish bit of filmmaking.	I cannot recommend this movie enough. It's a funny, bright thriller that is an example of twisted perfection.	Because the film has to split its running time among so many different characters, all of whom look alike and act alike but have different names, I got rather bored.	Fast-paced romp has violence, gangsters, drugs.	Ritchie handles his convoluted plot and frenetic pacing with elan and sprinkles it all with liberal doses of black humor and lots of quotable dialogue.	Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels is a grimy, twisted, and funny twist on the Tarantino hip gangster formula.
The movie falls apart when it tries to explain why Poppy's been sent to this school. And the Spartacus moment at her school "trial" for misconduct is so cringe-worthy you want to die.	It may be manna for teen girls but any kind of critical eye will find it about as convincingly made as the last St Trinian's movie. It is played, though, with lively abandon.	This celebration of mid-Atlantic compromise is one for the youngest and most forgiving of teenage girls.	Unless you're fourteen and female, look away now. There's absolutely nothing for you here.	A project broad-based enough to make tween competitor Angus, Thongs And Perfect Snogging feel arthouse.	More mild than wild. This tween comedy mess falls flat on its face due to poor characters, poor direction and poor jokes.
Let's not. And say we did.	Oh gee, let's not.	Should have been titled Let's Go to DVD, where it will clearly move with unbecoming alacrity, and where it will be much more at home. Though, one hopes, not yours.	Arnett underplays to the point where he seems as shellshocked as his character, while Shepard seems to have forgotten that the film is supposed to be a comedy.	...has its share of effective moments - most of which come courtesy of star Will Arnett...	Let's Go to Prison is guilty on all counts of cliched setups, base humor, and failure to ellicit laughs.
What we witness onscreen is horrifying and deeply disturbing (as it should be), but a little more context might help us to not feel so marooned.	A visceral experience that will be hard to match, this is one experiment that is an indisputable success.	The acting is uniformly strong and the camera work is winningly claustrophobic, but the film is one note: scene after scene of bullying.	No matter how much it may adhere to the well-documented specifics of Zimbardo's work, it is a massive failure.	Watching these young men brutalize each other is troubling enough, but perhaps the film's most interesting angle is how the experiment changes more than its subjects.	As chillingly thought-provoking as it is absorbing and well-acted, The Stanford Prison Experiment offers historical drama that packs a timelessly relevant punch.
Returning the series to solid ground after 2 Fast 2 Furious leaned too heavily on cartoonish CGI effects, Tokyo Drift relies on old-fashioned stunt work that gives its best sequences a sense of brute physicality.	If you suffer from America's secret longing, you're going to have fun at The Fast and the Furious.	The studio ... ultimately homogenizes the movie into a regurgitated episode from Starsky and Hutch.	Es entretenimiento de alto octanaje que lo hará pasar un buen rato pensando en otra cosa y hará que su pulso cardíaco se eleve al máximo	Such a drag that it ends up doing something hard to imagine: it makes you long for the soulless professionalism of a Jerry Bruckheimer movie.	Sleek and shiny on the surface, The Fast and the Furious recalls those cheesy teenage exploitation flicks of the 1950s.
A boozy Irish-American cop, a sweary African-American cop and a bent Italian-American cop walk into a brothel. What do you get? The climax of the least original cop movie in the world. And that's exactly what we've got here.	Not great police drama or film noir, but engrossing.	Unfortunately, forgettable but Fuqua still has an incredible vision for cinema; I would be interested to see him explore films outside of the crime genre.	For fans of Fuqua's previous work, this is exactly what we would expect the director to deliver.	It's a movie you truly want to like, because it reminds you of movies you did, most of them made by Sidney Lumet.	It's appropriately gritty, and soaked in the kind of palpable tension Antoine Fuqua delivers so well, but Brooklyn's Finest suffers from the comparisons its cliched script provokes.
Classic horror with somewhat misused cast	Most horrifying is the potential inability to sway our own innately darker tendencies.	Horror movies today rely on gore and as many jump out of your seat moments as they can throw at you. This one relies on old fashioned atmosphere and acting ability and that's all it really needs.	Bad moon rising.	Charming & fun 40's monster schlock.	A handsomely told tale with an affecting performance from Lon Chaney, Jr., The Wolf Man remains one of the classics of the Universal horror stable.
It's so much more honest than the average Hollywood blather that I think you'll end up in my camp.	[S]mart and sweet but unsentimental and warmly genuine in its portrait of childhood innocence and the adventure of growing up...	Starting with the dog, Wang's warm-and-fuzzy story could have used some careful trimming.	Bland, amiable, innocuous.	[T]his sweet-tempered adaptation is a film that parents and kids can enjoy together.	An old-fashioned, if bland, adaptation of Kate DiCamillo's novel.
A bouillabaisse of all the best soap opera elements - orphans, abortion, debilitating injuries and, of course, death.	Director Hallstrom gives Irving's saga superb emotional pacing without letting things get heavy-handed.	An extraordinarily life-affirming film.	A breathtakingly gorgeous film.	A sloppy mess.	The Cider House Rules has wonderful performances, lovely visuals, and an old-fashioned feel.
A hugely entertaining personal documentary about what steroids mean to American pop culture.	Bigger, Stronger, Faster* offers persuasive examples of circumstances in which we let people make their own choices, no matter how dimwitted, from plastic-surgery addiction to daredevil stunts.	It transcends its subject matter to ask provocative, disturbing questions.	If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Morgan Spurlock should be thrilled about the new documentary "Bigger, Stronger, Faster*."	This movie is remarkable in that it seems to be interested only in facts.	Bigger, Stronger, Faster* is a fascinating, informative, entertaining and especially introspective account of the American 'enhancement' culture.
At times the pic doesn't even seem certain which decade it's set in; the squeaky-clean high school environs often feel more '80s than '90s.	Takes an old story and proves the themes are timeless by applying them to a modern setting.	...a slightly above average teenage romcom.	Debut film director Gil Junger may be a TV veteran making a movie for the Clearasil crowd, but he doesn't sacrifice the story to gimmicky camerawork or overzealous pacing.	It's a witty, engaging confection underpinned by an air of sophistication which manages to lend its characters considerable depth and credibility.	Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger add strong performances to an unexpectedly clever script, elevating 10 Things (slightly) above typical teen fare.
Sometimes less is more. Nine is eight too many.	Nine is just plain adrift in its own lack of necessity.	Bra%u0107i Weinstein vi%u0161e ne polazi za rukom povratiti "oskarovsku slavu", Devet je inferioran njihovom velikom uspjehu - Chicagu	The movie musical can still be a splendid bit of escapism. With Nine, the only thing you'll want to flee is the movie theater itself.	Nine is simply sensational and is indeed a worthy successor to his Best Picture winner, Chicago in every way.	It has a game, great-looking cast, led by the always worthwhile Daniel Day-Lewis, but Rob Marshall's Nine is chaotic and curiously distant.
[Novelist John] Le Carre pens intelligent thrillers and, when tackled by the right director, they translate to intelligent films, like this one.	Elaborate, cynical, ambitious, eager, visually arresting, the film wants it all and gives plenty.	Smart, well-crafted and satisfying.	Yes, the cast is certainly seductive, and the direction often beguiling, yet ultimately we're left with a distinct sense of abandonment, of a story insufficiently told.	Places us within the mindset of love lost which then provides us the motives to direct our outrage at the pencil pushers who are responsible.	The Constant Gardener is a smart, gripping, and suspenseful thriller with rich performances from the leads.
Won't evict "Single White Female" from its top-floor residence among psycho-roomie cinema.	One dry hump of almost thrills that are incredibly lackluster and void of any sort of suspense or tension.	Christainsen chooses a teen-friendly rating over cheap titillation and his uneven tone squanders all the ingredients for a good horror movie completely.	A storyline that unimaginatively rehashes countless pivotal elements from other stalker-themed movies means that the whole production is a dull and pointless exercise that twists and turns in precisely the manner you expect it to.	We could not possibly care less.	Devoid of chills, thrills, or even cheap titillation, The Roommate isn't even bad enough to be good.
The most riveting aspect of The Last Station could be its biggest fault -- the lack of generosity toward any of the parallel arcs by those within them -- but instead it plays out like a race: Who will get the last melancholy close-up?	Michael Hoffman's adaptation of the Jay Parini novel is a most affecting look at the twilight of a marriage and how its parties adapt to the dawn of a new era.	Big, bold performances make for lots of Tolstoy fun. As long as you don't mind a little melodrama and everyone talking with British and Scottish accents.	full review at Movies for the Masses	If it wasn't for their excellent acting, I don't think I would have reached the end of The Last Station either.	Michael Hoffman's script doesn't quite live up to its famous subject, but this Tolstoy biopic benefits from a spellbinding tour de force performance by Helen Mirren.
The cast is solid, with standout performances by first-timer Habib Boufares as Slimane.	Before you scoff at yet another benevolent look at a family straddling two cultures, Kechiche subtly subverts the genre.	Through his superlative cast of performers, Kechiche's family portrait is a doting record of the innate resiliency of this beloved community.	After two and a half hours, The Secret of the Grain, ends, as arbitrarily as it began.	The wonderful thing about Hafsia Herzi in The Secret of the Grain...is the way she and the character tiptoe around the story's edges for a while, taking their time and easing onto the audience's radar.	A complex portrait of an immigrant family, The Secret of the Grain is a sprawling, intimate film with many fine performances.
Without [Kate] Winslet, The Reader would be just another literary adaptation that got high on its own self-importance.	Pleasingly adult material powered by elegant, muscular performances. A strong adaptation of a slippery novel.	As undeniably tasteful as The Reader is, it's also an absorbing and finally moving account of how one man comes to terms with both history and his story.	The movie adaptation by screenwriter David Hare and director Stephen Daldry starts out choppy and overdrawn but develops a cumulative power.	Complete with clichés and plot twists that scream, "GIVE ME AN OSCAR," you might think Tina Fey and Jon Stewart decided to write The Reader as a parody of an Oscar hopeful.	Despite Kate Winslet's superb portrayal, The Reader suggests an emotionally distant, Oscar-baiting historical drama.
Is this enough on which to hang a full-fledged movie that people will pay to see? Probably not ...	Refreshingly free of the ironic uncouth toilet humor usually found in most modern rom-coms.	It's a satisfying date movie that can only be improved upon with a gromwell plant (if you don't believe that's a real plant, you can read about it in the dictionary).	The only way to even guess that humor is being attempted here is to monitor the comical faces mustered by the actors.	Changeups are commendable and all, but Showalter may be guilty of playing too far from his strengths.	The Baxter is good-natured, but there are simply not enough laughs to fuel this comedy.
Hannibal is a beautiful mess. Take your joys when you can because the well is often dry.	The weakness of Hannibal is not only its source material (Starling becomes a sniveling victim?!) but also in not reveling in the deliciousness that is Hannibal Lecter.	Never forgetting its reason for existence being popular entertainment, it never ventures into art house pretentious horror like the book does so gracefully and so often.	You walk out of Hannibal a bit shocked and dazed, but ultimately unsatisfied. It's as if Scott served you an appetizer and a dessert, but forgot the entree.	Mildly interesting while mildly tedious.	While superbly acted and stylishly filmed, Hannibal lacks the character interaction between the two leads which made the first movie so engrossing.
It feels about as sincere and insightful as a Schlitz-induced rendition of Achy-Breaky Heart.	Keith remains as rigid as a bookcase.	Any viewer who can't predict the outcome of this modest flick must not be familiar with a certain genre to which it is indebted: the made-for-TV movie.	It's obviously intended as a star vehicle, but Broken Bridges turns out to be a rattletrap jalopy for country music performer Toby Keith.	Strictly for fans of Keith, or drunk people with bemused contempt for same.	A cliched attempt at a feel-good drama, Broken Bridges is schmaltzy, predictable, and stiffly acted.
An antidote to forced holiday cheer, this scabrously funny misanthropic comedy is not for the whole family.	The movie is less about gaining the Christmas spirit than about defying the corporate ethos that hijacks and then abandons that spirit every year.	Terry Zwigoff flips the bird at holiday cheer	A breath of fresh air.	You'll find yourself warming to Bad Santa in spite of its blemishes, simply because it's different than any holiday tale that's come before, or is likely to assail multiplexes again.	A gloriously rude and gleefully offensive black comedy, Bad Santa isn't for everyone, but grinches will find it uproariously funny.
Thor is such a joyless affair that writing even this much about it is nearly as exhausting as sitting through the movie.	Nicely combines visual splendor and an earthly fish-out-of-water tale with director Kenneth Branagh bringing a Shakespearean flair to the proceedings.	Will it catch lightning in a bottle and become the next great superhero franchise? By Odin's beard, I think so! (Parental Content Review also available)	Odin strips Thor of his powers and casts him down to Earth. The movie, alas, is compelled to follow.	A mish-mosh of iconic genres, futurism and earth-bound pseudo-reality bound together by the commercial desire to engage us through any means--a sort of more is more thesis. But that doesn't mean it doesn't.	A dazzling blockbuster that tempers its sweeping scope with wit, humor, and human drama, Thor is mighty Marvel entertainment.
The first movie bid fair to rival Madagascar, Ice Age and Rio as the worst animation franchise ever, and this one delivers on that threat.	Great movies like "ParaNorman" and "Frankenweenie" showed the laughs you could get out of funny fiends; "Hotel Transylvania 2" just digs up a few corny gags.	Like before, it just doesn't gel like it should, although I found it slightly less grating than the first time around. (Full Content Review - Violence, Crude Humor, etc. - for Parents also available)	It's not a completely original film, but it's fun, quick and ingenious. [Full review in Spanish]	It's an episodic, energetically animated gag factory from the pen of Adam Sandler, and while it's the best screenplay to bear his name in years, it also warps some overfamiliar family-movie concerns until they become unavoidable in their ickiness.	Hotel Transylvania 2 is marginally better than the original, which may or may not be enough of a recommendation to watch 89 minutes of corny, colorfully animated gags from Adam Sandler and company.
It's a surreal, operatic take on the action movie that makes its direct predecessors - Mad Max, Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome and even the mighty Road Warrior - seem almost timid by comparison.	Fury Road is a two-hour car chase, but strapped to the hood (much like Max himself in the early scenes) is a simple, satisfying story.	Real people and organic settings always capture the eye more fully, and imply higher stakes, than CGI imagery. Miller ups the ante by ensuring all characters and vehicles are visually striking, either in their good looks or their hideousness.	Wait until you see this! It's going to knock your socks off.	Essentially, the story is one extended, spectacular car chase, which changes directions mid-movie to retrace its own footsteps as the stunts grow bigger and more outrageous with each passing mile.	With exhilarating action and a surprising amount of narrative heft, Mad Max: Fury Road brings George Miller's post-apocalyptic franchise roaring vigorously back to life.
It amounts to making entertainment for adults by hijacking a story intended for kids...	Delightful adaptation of the Dr. Seuss classic is sure to entertain the kids, and the parents won't be too far behind.	Despite the stretch of adapting Horton's tale to a feature movie, Dr. Seuss' original story and the worlds he created, plus some particularly winning characters, put Horton Hears A Who! over the top.	It would be pretty hard to muck up this Dr. Seuss story and its kid-friendly parable about the rights of all beings, no matter their size or shape, to the basic freedoms of life and liberty.	Who among us can resist an animated elephant, or even a lethargic one?	Horton Hears A Who! is both whimsical and heartwarming, and is the rare Dr. Seuss adaptation that stays true to the spirit of the source material.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct the central character starts out as a callous murderer and doesn't change. As a result, the film feels episodic.	You start to wonder if that personality is compelling enough to deserve such scrutiny... I'd have settled for a single film compiling the saga's flashiest moments.	Part two is every bit as thrilling as the first. It's gripping stuff. If you didn't know it was true, you wouldn't believe it.	The second half of the French gangster series drags a bit at the end but is fun, macho stuff nonetheless.	Cassel is at the very top of his game -- and Richet has raised the bar a dozen notches for those brave enough to now attempt a crime film of any kind.	Vincent Cassel is mesmerizing in the lead role. Even if it's less focused than its predecessor, it's more fun.
There's still a place in movies for small, literate, well-acted niche movies that focus on character. In the cinema of explosions and rampant CGI, occasionally character still matters. A Single Man has character.	Parental Content Review	What keeps the film anchored is the growing unease that Firth exudes in quiet, crushing waves. He's always at his best, single-handed.	The film is an aesthetic pleasure, like being in a designer hotel, reading a deliciously sad novel.	A serious work that makes one question Tennyson's belief that "'tis better to have loved and lost/ Than never to have loved at all.'	Though the costumes are beautiful and the art direction impeccable, what stands out most from this debut by fashion designer Tom Ford is the leading performance by Colin Firth.
Gruesome scenes or torture and murder bring home the political climate once prominent in Northern Ireland.	This is an appalling scenario for a film that unspools with the ghastly enthusiasm of a Hollywood thriller. But Sturgess's performance as the feckless hero is absolutely stunning.	A 'war on terror' thriller set in Ireland? Surprisingly, it works.	Well-acted and visually engaging, the film asks more questions than it answers.	It's a pretty fine film, thanks largely to the performances (and look) of its crackerjack cast, as well as Jonathan Freeman's restless, gritty cinematography and a lickety-split script.	Though somewhat uneven in places, Fifty Dead Men Walking is a gripping portrayal of Ireland's violent history, carried by the strong performances of its lead actors.
Complicated, enigmatic and haunting...easily Eastwood's best film since 'Unforgiven,' and one of the most compelling pictures of the year.	Dark, brooding, and suffused with appreciable anguish, Clint Eastwood's moody screen-telling of Dennis Lehane's sensational 2001 crime novel is an eloquent and significant thriller.	Everyone in the cast is brilliant. Everyone.	It is in many ways Eastwood's tightest movie for some time, and certainly his darkest since Unforgiven; indeed, the ending offers as corrosive an assessment of the limits of American justice as anything in his career.	There's no emotional connection to the characters. This is cookie cutter anguish meant to manipulate the gullible into believing that they're watching something meaningful.	Anchored by the exceptional acting of its strong cast, Mystic River is a somber drama that unfolds in layers and conveys the tragedy of its story with visceral power.
Ranks high on the squirm meter. But, unlike in most of [Breillat's] earlier work, there's no emotional payoff.	Vagina dialogue this may be, but it seems much more like a bunch of arse.	I hate this movie, but only because it hated me first.	Breillat uses this man and woman on a bed (sometimes only he is clothed, and sometimes the two of them are naked) as a way of exploring the meaning of women's bodies from social, political and personal angles, instead of purely sensual ones.	Plays like porn dubbed by bitter deconstructionist theoreticians.	Ponderous, pretentious, and -- considering the subject matter -- dull.
We're pleasantly surprised by how good this movie makes us feel.	You never believe, even in a fantasy way, that Bloomwood could stumble into a job at a Manhattan-based financial magazine for a Conde Nast-like conglomerate.	Isla Fisher does her best with a shopworn, shopped out premise.	A disappointing comedy, out of synch with the zeitgeist	If there is a single bright spot in the financial crisis, it is the possibility that one day producer Jerry Bruckheimer will run out of money.	This middling romantic comedy underutilizes a talented cast and delivers muddled messages on materialism and conspicuous consumption.
No, fans of "Mamma Mia!" won't be too thrilled with "Repo! The Genetic Opera."	There is too much ambition on display for the film to be completely dismissed, but good intentions carry Repo! only partway toward success.	The case for its quality is solid, the music is catchy, and "Repo!" may just destined for cult royalty.	Bousman's editing and camera angles are consistently inventive, and the production design (Blade Runner is a big influence, as is Disneyland's "Haunted Mansion" attraction) squeezes a lot of bang out of every buck.	As it has evolved from a 10-minute cabaret piece, through a short film Bousman made in Toronto, to the big screen, Repo! The Genetic Opera has gained in both guts and gusto.	Bombastic and intentionally gross, Repo! The Genetic Opera has a unique style but lacks the wit and substance to be involving.
One of the most memorable teen-movies of it's time	classic mid-1980s Spielberg	A teen and pre-teen adventure tale fondly remembered by everyone I know.	Director Richard Donner captures a lovely New England-type autumn chill and the feeling of impulsive, misspent weekends.	Replete with lavish and quirky set design, goofily harmless antics, and smart scoring, Donner manages to delight and surprise at every turn in a coming of age tale the likes of which is rarely seen.	An energetic, sometimes noisy mix of Speilbergian sentiment and funhouse tricks that will appeal to kids and nostalgic adults alike.
Durkin eschews the sensationalism so often associated with cults in favor of an intimate, psychological portrayal of the confusion, fear and mistrust someone in Martha's situation might experience.	Durkin's intelligent, hypnotic and compelling film echoes Martha's fractured mental state, so as the events of the past are slowly revealed, we're never sure whether they are real or imagined.	Martha Marcy May Marlene might not have campaign funding or grandstanding performances, but it has heart and soul, two qualities which are slowly corrupted throughout for your viewing pleasure.	As the film peels layers of mystery, it suggests -- not entirely persuasively -- that its heroine's alternate lifestyles both represent cults, of a type.	Olsen, in a captivating, career-making performance, makes Martha awkward and inscrutable, sexual yet innocent...She makes the journey a mesmerizing and chilling experience and turns a cryptic film into an unforgettable one.	Led by a mesmerizing debut performance from Elizabeth Olsen, Martha Marcy May Marlene is a distinctive, haunting psychological drama.
Goosebumps is the cinematic equivalent of an R.L. Stine page-turner, keeping all audiences entranced with a friendly balance of minimal haunts and heartfelt comedy.	A family-friendly romp providing just the perfect blend of light-hearted humor and spine-tingling fright fare to scare and delight kids of all ages!	So unexpectedly deft at balancing humor, drama and scares that it seems destined to become a Halloween classic, if only at slumber parties.	There's a streak of old-fashioned B-movie spooky playfulness here, and when actual, motivated characters are on screen it's delightful.	You can know nothing about Goosebumps and enjoy the Goosebumps movie.	Goosebumps boasts just enough of its spooky source material's kid-friendly charm to make up for the script's scattershot humor and a punishingly frantic pace.
Good acting would not have served the material well, since it would have diluted the comedy quotient and made the campy elements seem cheap and cheesy.	Evil Dead II exceptionally blends comedy, thrills, and gore, while also solidifying Sam Raimi as a gifted and innovative director.	Delirious, demented and diabolically funny.	Horror sequels don't come any bigger or better!	A masterpiece of B-movie horror-comedy mayhem fueled by Sam Raimi's fast-paced slapstick sensibilities and brought to life by Bruce Campbell's incredible performance.	Evil Dead 2's increased special effects and slapstick-gore makes it as good -- if not better -- than the original.
It's not just the main character who doesn't have a plan -- it's Crowe, too.	Elizabethtown is a wonderful comedy/drama about those moments in life when you get lost and have to find your way back again.	Even when Crowe trips with his plotlines and his pacings, at least he has a world of exciting, wonderful people to keep us wanting more.	[I]f you're open to the experience, Elizabethtown is one of the sweetest, funniest and better films of the year.	[A] hugely disappointing film, which goes beyond blunder into something akin to meltdown.	This story of a floundering shoe designer who returns home for a family tragedy gets lost in undeveloped plot lines and lackluster performances.
A terrifically quirky and entertaining character comedy that's pure sunshine itself.	Even with such a familiar story arc the characters - both dead and alive - leave behind vivid memories when the movie's over.	Though this well-observed, wry drama is determined to be quirky, its most endearing quality, like that of its heroines, is a willingness to wallow in foul moods and come out the other side.	[Amy Adams and Emily Blunt] suggest a whole vista of human emotion that the muddled script just kind of gestures towards in a vague way.	Because Adams and Blunt bring their best to the roles, the feature carefully avoids the pitfalls of convention, becoming a familiar story executed with unexpected gravitas.	Despite a sometimes overly familiar plot, Sunshine Cleaning benefits from the lively performances of its two stars.
A mash-up of Ghost and The O.C. with a point-of-view directed with uncompromising resolve at the protagonist's navel.	Even ghost stories aren't allowed to be so ludicrous as to show a gut-shot character carrying on as if suffering from nothing worse than a mild wedgie, or a guy trying to drag his own body to safety.	Some of the key players tend to be either off-putting or unconvincing.	Plays like a very special episode of The OC.	It's all, y'know, such a deep metaphor for alienation, man, especially since nobody truly 'sees' Annie for who she really is. And yes, you are supposed to take this all extremely seriously.	Dull and confusing execution makes this ghost story utterly forgettable and unintentionally funny.
The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann.	Like all great films about a life you never knew existed, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame.	The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors, whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday.	This is riveting stuff, especially in its account of how refugee culture and community spring up almost overnight.	The film isn't especially dynamic, but it brims with insightful, poignant memories from survivors.	Explores a little-known piece of Holocaust history, weaving together stories of overlapping cultures and their coexistence under the pretext of a war to create a touching and unusual narrative.
This hackneyed throwback to greasers and rumbles steals everything and nothing from the classic gang films that came before it.	Brainless, but enjoyably over-the-top, the retro gang melodrama, Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism.	The movie is like Scorsese's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot.	No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie.	...there's a reason it's been sitting on the shelf for over a year.	Melodramatic and weighted down with silly dialogue, Deuces Wild is a forgettable, overheated thriller that leaves no cliche unturned.
If you've never seen Jack Clayton's 1961 adaptation of Henry James's Turn of the Screw, hurl yourself into a cinema ASAP.	Kerr's performance vibrates with complicated tension and vulnerability, as she communicates the internal life of a woman constantly at war with herself.	Wonderful adult horror, stylishly well-made and frightening on a couple of levels.	Having Truman Capote adapt Henry James's The Turn of the Screw (two taxonomists of beasts in the jungle of the Id), is an act of genuine inspiration.	Despite some passably Jamesian dialogue and adequate-to-good acting, the film too often comes over as a prettily decorated edition of a sick spinster's diary.	Creepily atmospheric, The Innocents is a stylishly crafted, chilling British ghost tale with Deborah Kerr at her finest.
Walk the Line leaves you feeling an unusual sensation, at least as far as current movies go: You feel as if you've gotten your money's worth when it comes to entertainment and drama.	It's last year's overrated Ray with an all-white cast -- and it's ultimately about as dramatically inert.	Walk the Line isn't the great musical biopic Ray is, but it has golden moments.	Phoenix is a little gloomy for my taste, but his approximation of Cash's singing is strangely good -- not an imitation, but a musically acceptable re-creation that comes organically from his performance. And Witherspoon is simply terrific.	Most Johnny Cash fans probably don't care that much about how their hero ended up with June Carter. Therein resides the main problem with Walk the Line's devotion to simple truth over cherished fable.	Superior acting and authentic crooning capture the emotional subtleties of the legend of Johnny Cash with a freshness that is a pleasure to watch.
As disposable as a paper cup and, for such promising directors, a serious regression.	The densely built and bearded Galifianakis demonstrates, in an impressive display of quieter dramatic skills, that he knows when to dial it down.	Writer-directors Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck fail to energize their mild-mannered, overly pat material.	Agonizingly trite	Broader, bigger and more traditional than Boden and Fleck's previous work-- and unfortunately, significantly less successful.	It's amiable, and it does a surprisingly good job of sidestepping psych ward comedy cliches, but given its talented cast and directors, It's Kind of a Funny Story should be more than just mildly entertaining.
Make no mistake, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure is not a satire of mindlessness; it's unabashed glorification of dumbness for dumbness' sake.	Silly time-travel teen flick succeeds due to the goofball leads and a surprisingly clever concept.	A totally excellent film.	...a silly, broad comedy that has justifiably endured over the years.	A nonstop giggle from start to finish, this beguiling grab-bag of time-travel clichés, hard-rock music and Valley-speaking cool dudes is a flawless, purpose-built junk movie.	Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter are just charming, goofy, and silly enough to make this fluffy time-travel Adventure work.
Beerfest won't kill you, but unless you're in a certain brew-guzzling youth demographic, you might find yourself wondering why you're not laughing at this helping of bad-news beers.	It's fun-dumb and definitely not everyone's cup of tea -- I don't want to oversell it -- but Broken Lizard keeps it interesting by refusing to color inside the lines, creating their own silly little universe.	A hard 'R' comedy outfitted with plenty of female nudity and no unnecessary romantic subplots, Beer Fest has all the commitment of a night of drunken college debauchery and none of the "double secret probation" ramifications.	It's one of those films that looks like it was more fun to make than it is to watch. I wanted it to be great, but it's only good.	Beerfest features more beer consumed on screen than any movie since Strange Brew, while simultaneously offering less in the way of redeeming social value than Freddy Got Fingered.	Beerfest features some laugh-inducing gags, but is too long and the pacing too uneven to form a coherent, functioning comedy.
Soon degenerates into a too-slick silliness that confuses empowerment with cloying cutesiness.	As sweet, fluffy and pink as cotton candy -- too much can make you sick, but at 90 minutes, it goes down pretty easy.	giddy, effervescent pop comedy	Surprisingly refreshing and fun.	Sometimes, dumb is funny.	Though the material is predictable and formulaic, Reese Witherspoon's funny, nuanced performance makes this movie better than it would have been otherwise.
'inarticulate' surfers are really human beings that express themselves best silently in the ocean-true poets of the seashore	Dana Brown eulogizes the stoke with stylish élan.	If the narration gets a little hokey at times -- clichéd phrases are tossed out without much thought -- the interview subjects are refreshingly real, and you can't help but smile at their waterlogged wisdom.	Loaded with impressive IMAX-style shots but surprisingly skimpy on soul.	From start to finish, this documentary on the water-based board sport is filled with 'How did they do that?' moments.	A perfect companion piece to The Endless Summer.
There aren't enough pyrotechnics in the paltry 40-minute run time to justify the ticket price.	If this is the real Mars, we'll stick with the more vivid depiction of the planet from Total Recall, thank you very much.	[P]retty much a big, beautiful ad for NASA and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and so what?	If the mission of Roving Mars is to get us jazzed again about outer space, it's mission: accomplished.	The first third of the film is weak, but from there it blasts off with strength and connects emotionally, visually, intellectually and even motivationally with the audience.	Roving Mars is a decent thrill ride even when it starts feeling like a commercial plug for NASA's failing space program.
What we have in this rendition of Dickens' sometimes misunderstood Carol is an accurate comprehension of the agony of a shabby soul.	A bland, stodgy movie.	This is easily the best screen version of the much loved yuletide tale.	The definitive version! Accept no substitutes! Sim is positively brilliant.	Other Christmas Carols need not apply.	The 1951 adaptation of Charles Dickens' timeless classic is perhaps the most faithful film version -- and Alastair Sim's performance as Scrooge is not to be missed.
More prone to play out as a case of style over substance.	...an intelligent time-travel premise that owes more than a little bit to "Blowup."	Acaba se revelando excessivamente previsнvel e conta com um protagonista fraco, mas ainda assim diverte e prende a atenзгo com sua trama circular.	Easily the best science fiction movie in a decade	Low-budget Spanish thriller about a guy that stumbles hours into the past and winds up trying to correct his last few mistakes can't survive its contrived plot contortions, non-characters, or "well, duh" obviousness.	Timecrimes is a low-budget thriller that's well-crafted and loaded with dark humor and bizarre twists.
But for film buffs at least, Evans's vivid story will make them feel nostalgic for this period of Hollywood history.	I'm willing to bet ... that I don't see another [documentary] this year as richly entertaining or as cathartic.	The thing about guys like Evans is this: You're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins. But as you watch the movie, you're too interested to care.	...it's a shame that [film]'s only appreciative audience might be those of us with memories deep enough to recall the rise and fall and rise again of one of the industry's true crap-shooting visionaries.	It might be considered the best, the flashiest, the most enjoyable vanity production ever.	Though not objective by any means, The Kid Stays in the Picture is irresistibly entertaining.
DIG! is also brave enough to show the real, ugly warts of the music business, whereas more established bands would probably prefer a polished, PR-approved vision.	a striking original chronicle comparing two rival bands	A messy home movie about the competition between two overindulged rock bands. Much angst. Little talent.	Dig! a new documentary by Ondi Timoner, gives a cinema verite spin to the endlessly fascinating pop-music soap opera formula of VH1's Behind the Music.	Obsessed with two insignificant musical acts.	So you wanna be a rock 'n' roll star? Dig! compellingly chronicles the ups and downs of the Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre, two ambitious bands whose love/hate relationship embodies many of the potential pratfalls of the music business.
[A] graphic and spontaneous portrait of a spiraling sex addict.	It's rife with sexual tension, yet doesn't rush the dance, so to speak. McQueen and Fassbender share an intense collaboration marked by raw emotion and graphic sexuality.	On a par with "Midnight Cowboy."	The genitals are exposed while the motivations are mysterious in 'Shame,' an elegantly composed but overwrought film about a man who wants to f(ornicate) away the pain.	It presents us with moment after moment clearly meant to alarm and then gives the impression of looking down its nose at us for having the intended reaction.	Boasting stellar performances by Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan, Shame is a powerful plunge into the mania of addiction affliction.
Here's proof that it's possible to make crowd-pleasing, eminently commercial films that aren't pandering or obnoxiously pushy.	McAvoy again combines his animated vitality with an intuitive understanding of what's needed to make a story work even when it's not all there on paper.	Social commentary elevates this light coming-of-age drama about a young British boy's university days.	Starter for 10 doesn't really cover new ground but is a showcase for its good looking leads.	Starter for 10 has a light touch and keeps sentiment mostly at bay.	Starter For 10 is a spirited coming-of-age tale that remains charming and witty even as it veers into darker teritory. The unique setting of a quiz show makes the film wittier than your average romantic comedy.
Vin Diesel may stand out as a man apart from other action heroes, but his movie is just another drop in the bucket when it comes to 'battling the war on drug' movies.	The swaggering humour that made Diesel a star in Pitch Black, The Fast and the Furious and XXX is barely evident here.	A Man Apart crumbles too easily and all that remains is emptiness.	Two mediocre action scenes spring up to help alleviate the tedium. All they do is remind us how generic and tiresome the non-action bits are.	[An] annoying, laughable, badly thought-out film.	Action and drama elements don't mix well in this clichйd actioner.
The Muppet Movie has never suffered, still one of many great reasons to be a movie buff.	Sure, a pig and a frog are an unlikely couple, but who isn't? This film reminds us that we are loved, regardless of whether we roll in the mud or swallow flies.	One of the funniest family films of the 1970s.	Not only was The Muppet Movie a great children's movie in 1979, one that viewers of all ages could enjoy, but it's still a great children's movie today.	God, I miss Jim Henson.	The Muppet Movie, the big-screen debut of Jim Henson's plush creations, is smart, lighthearted, and fun for all ages.
There's an excess of corn, confusion and chaos in Be Cool, but not much of anything you could call comedy.	...attempts to look effortless in seeming hip, but the wink-wink, nudge-nudge jokes about sequels, Hollywood, and the music world come off as familiar and self-congratulatory.	Be Cool lacks both a focus and an edge, making it an amorphous mess.	Really shouldn't work, but it's smarter than it looks, handles itself assuredly, and does manage to be funny.	Contains a cornucopia of cliched comic characters.	Be Cool is tepid, square, and lukewarm; as a parody of the music business, it has two left feet.
For those who believe there's no business like show business, this documentary will be a singular sensation.	It's all conveyed with an evenhanded, often affectionate tone. Even [Rosie] O'Donnell comes off sympathetically.	Does nothing to analyze why 'Wicked' and 'Avenue Q' became monster hits and the others didn't.	This is an entertaining visit to a strange planet.	Much of this strikingly human, rapidly paced and laudably well-rounded film is fascinating.	Made with obvious care and attention, Showbusiness is an entertaining, insightful look into Broadway.
An okay thriller with lots of smart flourishes, The Next Three Days has us hooked early on but never quite gets us in the boat	A bomb in no uncertain terms, an ill-formed, stupidly plotted, morally unclean thriller.	I didn't buy how "The Next Three Days" plays out -- but I almost bought it, and that's good enough for a thriller.	Occasionally tense middlebrow thriller that lacks both the set pieces needed to really ramp up the tension and the subtlety to make you care much about the characters.	[Crowe] gives his best, most sympathetic performance in years in the corking thriller The Next Three Days.	Russell Crowe and Elizabeth Banks give it their all, but their solid performances aren't quite enough to compensate for The Next Three Days' uneven pace and implausible plot.
I would have preferred a better written film with relevant action that hinged on Jigsaw's original spirit than this mess of a splatterfest.	Slasher flicks have never been big on story, but the "Saw" franchise sets the art of screenwriting back to the stone age. Good horror movies scare you, this one just puts you in a bad mood.	The ostensibly final movie in the increasingly preposterous Saw series offers neither much drama nor horror, unfortunately for audiences.	Any of the flair and invention still left over from the previous six films is used up in the extended opening sequence.	Well, I think I've finally seen the final "Saw," this time in 3D.	Sloppily filmed, poorly acted, and illogically plotted, Saw 3D leaves viewers trapped in the most lackluster installment of the series.
The comic blithely stumbles through the rude slapstick as if he thinks the movie's real lead will show at any second and allow him to sink gratefully into second-banana status again.	The story of a schmo who finds love by prostituting himself is actually funnier than it deserves to be, not to mention rather sweet in a sophomoric, manwhore - with - a - heart - of - gold kind of way.	You may laugh at Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo, but you won't be proud of yourself.	The kind of picture those View n' Brew theaters were made for, as long as you don't View.	Dumb but funny.	According to critics, Deuce Bigalow is just too dumb and filled with old, tired gags.
With makeover maven Tyler's repeat reincarnation of Madea/Joe all by himself, the film's got humor, heart and the euphoric musical infusion of a soulful diva or two. But can we save those mandatory raucous religious screamfests for Sunday church already.	It is easy to knock the Tyler Perry formula, but you have to give the man credit: He knows how to create meaty roles for women.	It's discouraging to watch Bad build an unusual rhythm in the opening scenes only to stop itself and sprint back into Madea/preach mode, where the uncomfortable marriage of Jesus and domestic violence reigns.	After a summer of phony, pasty rom-coms, do this: See a movie where old-fashioned notions of love, faith, strength, and the possibility of redemption are taken seriously.	Too pat by a half during the finale, but Tyler Perry shows a maturity as a filmmaker that would pave the way for arguably his best picture, 2010's "For Colored Girls."	Though somewhat formulaic and predictable, Perry succeeds in mixing broad humor with sincere sentimentality to palatable effect.
Murphy seems to have become a cash cow, delivering many generic roles in retreads of formerly popular films from Christmas past.	Never manages to feel like a sustained story.	The movie itself is a scattered mess that really doesn't add up to anything that's particularly satisfying.	Tributo a la escatología y la estupidez desmedidas	The Klumps are relegated to the sidelines, gross caricatures meant to distract us from the movie's disjointed, inane plot line.	While Eddie Murphy is still hilarious as the entire Klump family, the movie falls apart because of uneven pacing, a poor script, and skits that rely on being gross rather than funny.
Explosive and depressing.	This chilling war-is-hell expose [is] must-see viewing.	It offers a deep, troubling probe into a military culture that both incubates horrifically criminal acts against innocents and throws innumerable obstacles in the paths of soldiers who would thwart or report those outrages.	A terrifying example of how easily basic human decency and morality can melt away in the fog of war.	A blood-boiling documentary whose constrained viewpoint on its subject -- U.S. soldiers' sport-killing of Afghan civilians in 2010, and the prosecutions that followed -- doesn't prevent it from moving viewers to the point of despair.	Urgent, mesmerizing, and infuriating, The Kill Team looks at American foreign policy from a rarely considered perspective.
Amirpour is more concerned with creating memorable tableaux, which her characters often drift around like kelp in deep water.	Equally cool and cruel, stuffed with subtext, this 'Iranian fairytale' weaves its spell to a flip, hip ending. Amirpour is one to watch.	As seductive and forebodding as its title -- a simple, declarative sentence that encompasses many mysteries -- Ana Lily Amirpour's debut feature reanimates and restores the sexiness of the vampire movie.	Just when you think you've seen it all-I never really think so, but sometimes it can feel that way-along comes something completely new, or at least something so intriguingly bizarre as to seem completely new.	Amirpour and her team effectively employ chiaroscuro and create an old-fashioned, almost unearthed aesthetic.	A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night blends conventional elements into something brilliantly original -- and serves as a striking calling card for writer-director Ana Lily Amirpour.
Refreshingly real.	Aside from Corrigan, there is nothing that I can recommend about it.	Slums of Beverly Hills  Full Review | Original Score: 3/4	Despite showing that she has a talent for writing clever dialogue, Jenkins quickly loses control over the story's direction.	Poignant but never heavy-handed.	Warm, real, and hilarious.
Stupid movie, right? But kid-friendly.	It's one thing that the script has a moronic premise. It's another that the writers don't have anything clever to add to that premise.	The aliens look like cast-offs from a bad Spielberg film and the whole family are boring examples of Hollywood's ordinary Americans.	click to read the full review	Basically a tweener cable movie on steroids, with a bigger budget and a larger cast of B-list character actors.	Inoffensive and kid-friendly this mundane family comedy is light on imagination.
The result is like a bad novel in which the personalities and feelings of the characters are described to us rather than revealed through what they do.	Like Malena herself, the movie ends up nothing more than a great-looking mess.	A film that aspires to do two things at once, but ends up doing not much at all.	Malčna barely speaks a word in the film, but Belucci makes a role that is written as a symbol into a full-blooded person.	There's something quirkily intriguing about an infatuation conducted mostly without words.	Malena ends up objectifying the character of the movie's title. Also, the young boy's emotional investment with Malena is never convincing, as she doesn't feel like a three-dimensional person.
Once the bizarre premise is established, all the movie can do is wait for the story to play out -- it has a beginning and end, but no middle.	Don't avoid My Sister's Keeper because it's a film about a serious issue. Avoid it because it approaches that issue like a very special episode of Grey's Anatomy -- complete with whining pop songs and all the comforts of cliche.	A shamelessly manipulative film that proves insulting rather than moving.	My Sister's Keeper, like all tearjerkers, works as a ritual as much as it does art.	It's a family melodrama that never misses the opportunity for a heartbreaking, acoustic musical montage that brims with portent, as if we could forget that losing a child is hard and terrible.	My Sister's Keeper gets fine performances from its adult and child actors, but the director's heavy-handed approach turns a worthy emotional subject into an overly melodramatic tearjerker.
Sarandon and Brosnan are very good, indeed, Brosnan surprisingly so. In fact, Brosnan has never been so opened up, so emotional and yet so precise in his work. It's a lovely performance in a film that only sometimes deserves him.	The film treads familiar thematic ground, but does so with urgency and genuine emotion.	Unfortunately, though its heart is smack in the right place, The Greatest tends to play more like a collection of appropriate, well-acted scenes than as a fully satisfying narrative.	The title is incorrect.	I think that the performances and also the kind of relaxed style of direction kind of make this watchable.	It's burdened by a predictable, overly melodramatic story, but The Greatest benefits from strong performances by its talented cast.
The Prince of Egypt is a beautifully animated story with a superb cast; it just isn't the Exodus story.	A disappointing and uninspiring animated feature.	It takes a familiar story and recreates it on screen in a bold new fashion.	Though I don't recommend this film for very small children, it could be a great learning tool for teens, church youth groups, or aspiring animators. But you may be required to answer some tough questions. Better go bone up on your Old Testament.	If de Mille had seen this film, he would have gone back to the drawing board!	The Prince of Egypt's stunning visuals and first-rate voice cast more than compensate for the fact that it's better crafted than it is emotionally involving.
Nominated for the 2005 Best Foreign Film Academy Award, "Noel" is the kind of sentimental tripe the Academy loves to honor in order to justify their own sentimental tripe.	Christian Carion's account of the famous Christmas Truce of 1914 is sentimentalized, but smooth, with the elegant restraint typical of the most romantic French films.	A vivid, quietly powerful recreation of a truly extraordinary moment in history: just not an overwhelmingly moving one.	You can't watch this film without thinking about modern wars and about how much easier it is to demonize a foe when language and customs are more at odds.	Not quite the searing tale about the tragedy of war that it could have been.	The poignant humanity on display in Joyeux Noel makes its sentimentality forgivable.
Seems like a summer camp, with inmates enjoying soda and snacks in virtually every scene.	It shows a fascination with the criminal justice system, and amazing access to the people caught in its wheels.	Girlhood thoughtfully questions not just the system itself, but our unfair assumptions about the young people caught within it.	Avoids talking head-itis to follow real events.	Thanks to unprecedented access, acclaimed documentarian Liz Garbus is able to continue her upfront examination of the American criminal justice system.	An intimate, compassionate look at two teenagers in juvenile hall.
"Under the Skin" is perfectly fine. I'm just not sure I'll ever see it again unless I have to.	With his first film in close to a decade, Glazer has created a captivating nightmare, a heady, haunting experience that demands multiple viewings.	Few films will linger with you like this one does.	Glacial in pace, skeletal in plot, and generally nasty, Jonathan Glazer's Under the Skin is a repetitive nightmare of drear and dread punctuated by moments of queasy-making horror.	It stayed true to itself, and while "Under the Skin" isn't for everyone, it's nevertheless an artistic achievement that is worth exploring below the surface.	Its message may prove elusive for some, but with absorbing imagery and a mesmerizing performance from Scarlett Johansson, Under the Skin is a haunting viewing experience.
A beautifully lyrical cinematic epic.	Lyrical, meditative and original, Malick's WWII film is one of the best war films ever made.	Viewers will get lost in the wanderings of this dreamlike movie!	A highly original piece of motion picture artistry!	The Thin Red Lineasks more questions than it answers and violates more rules than it obeys, ultimately prodding audiences to engage in a far greater level of intellectual participation than any film since 2001: A Space Odyssey.	The Thin Red Line is a daringly philosophical World War II film with an enormous cast of eager stars.
The whole thing -- which in less than an hour-and-a-half manages to insult Catholics, Native Americans, John Wayne fans and anybody with two I.Q. points to spare -- all climaxes in a lot of fire and smoke and CGI explosions.	The God of Aborted Franchises will be pleased.	Its visual style veers between bleached desert tones and slimy undercover dankness, but the 3D version is undistinguished.	Bettany has little character and the 3D effects are appalling.	The simplistic directness of its storytelling is refreshing. It's as if the filmmakers realize they're wasting everyone's time, so they at least want to take up as little of it as possible.	Sleek and stylish, but those qualities are wasted on a dull, derivative blend of sci-fi, action, and horror.
Not a film that's easy to watch, but it is one of remarkable power...a searing indictment of a society gone wrong as well as a harrowing personal story.	An historical story of consequence and consequences around an enduringly lively social argument.	A riveting, wrenching, horrifying and beautifully told story.	It's a hard film to watch, especially if you know where it goes--I had to brace myself to see it a second time. But it's an important film, one of great feeling. It even works as a thriller.	This is an unsettling film, brilliantly acted all around, most especially by Vasiliu and Marinca.	Featuring gut-wrenching performances from Anamaria Marinca and Laura Vasiliu, 4 Months is a gripping portrayal of life in Communist Romania.
Rec] is a great if you're after some scares, and it will definitely have you squirming in your seat.	[Rec] will definitely jangle the nerves. But it's a movie that's unlikely to last in the memory.	At its best, "[REC]" is a stress test, with genuinely frightening and surreal use of grainy, fidgety camerawork and eerie night-vision.	This Spanish horror thriller is based on a great idea that takes a new bite at the zombie genre, combined with a different way of telling the story," says Andrew	[REC] is ridiculously good. It's a show-stopping terror trip through something that really shouldn't work all that well.	Plunging viewers into the nightmarish hellscape of an apartment complex under siege, [Rec] proves that found footage can still be used as an effective delivery mechanism for sparse, economic horror.
Kelly captures, better than any film in recent memory other than Election, what it feels like to be in high school.	It's darkly (no pun intended) funny and absolutely one of the more ambitiously strange movies to come along in a while.	An interesting film and certainly worthy of more attention than it got.	Donnie Darko has plenty of problems. But most stem from a young filmmaker overswinging on his first time up to the plate and hitting a deep fly out rather than a home run.	Maybe Richard Kelly's fate is to be the cult-film circuit's Michael Cimino. He has yet to match the mood or magnitude of his debut - a collision of time-travel sci-fi, commentary on '80s malaise and teen angst that's simultaneously witty and poignant.	Richard Kelly's debut feature Donnie Darko is a daring, original vision, packed with jarring ideas and intelligence and featuring a remarkable performance from Jake Gyllenhaal as the troubled title character.
On one level, it's unfair to penalize a pretty decent movie for not being a great movie, but then again, Fey has proved time and time again that she can do better than this.	Although the big picture itself gets mushy, the small moments, especially involving Fey, are sharp.	[Fey and Poehler's] appealing rapport bumps the movie up from 'just fine' to 'good enough,' even if both are good enough to do something that's more than fine.	Baby Mama ultimately gives in to sweetness, but it has some deliciously tart moments along the way.	The enjoyable-enough comedy Baby Mama may appear to have a few women's issues on its mind, but it's really a female Odd Couple that gets by on the considerable comic talents of its stars.	Baby Mama is a lightweight, predictable comedy that ekes by on the strength of its performers.
Wealthy New Yorkers don't often get skewered as mercilessly as they do in this comedy by writing and directing duo Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini, but the audacity turns out to be deceptive and formulaic.	The casting is all fine; everything else is pushy and out of joint.	...a cutesy albeit entertaining look at high society childcare	Here's hoping that the very talented [Shari] Springer [Berman] and [Robert] Pulcini get a crack at a script that's worthy of their talents for their third time at bat.	There's a heart-sinking moment early in The Nanny Diaries when it becomes apparent that every literary gimmick that seemed arch and clever in the bestselling novel of 2002 is going to fall horribly flat in the worst movie of 2007.	The Nanny Diaries' miscast lead and unrealistic, one-dimensional characters make this class satire far less effective than it should've been.
Entertaining, adventurous, short, and somewhat dated.	often copied, but never quite duplicated	Fun adventure comedy that won't cost you brain cells.	Action, romance, sharp dialog; best for teens.	A rip-roaring saga of derring-do.	Romancing the Stone reaches back to the classic Saturday morning serials of old with an action-filled adventure enlivened by the sparkling chemistry between its well-matched leads.
Defying every pitfall and eclipsing everything else in the film, Sigourney Weaver delivers a bravura portrait of a complex woman falsely accused of child abuse.	A film with an every day beginning and an every day ending, and a triumph in between.	Scott Elliott's palsied directorial debut, from a mine shaft-ridden script, is a sick joke.	A profoundly unnecessary movie with pretty good performances; perfectly captures the noble mediocrity of the novel.	[A] imaginative, nimble performance.	Disjointed storytelling overshadows noteworthy performances.
The frequent disorientation makes things drag; it's hard to get a sense of the movie's pace when you're unsure how all these miscellaneous pieces fit together, or even whether they do.	Leave it to Pedro Almodovar to figure a uniquely twisted way to unsettle.	Almodóvar joins PT Anderson, Aronofsky, von Trier and Scorsese as the latest big-name director to dip a toe into horror. There won't be blood, but the head wounds are vicious.	Almodóvar offers up a grisly Halloween trick-and-treat in his first full-out horror movie, an eye-popping and genuinely shocking gender-bending twist on Alfred Hitchcock's "Vertigo.''	It's the work of a director firmly in control of his subject and shows that - when he wants to - there are few subjects that he can't tackle with flair.	The Skin I Live In lacks Almodovar's famously charged romance, replaced with a wonderfully bizarre and unpredictable detour into arthouse ick.
There's enough moral ambiguity in this human/werewolf romance to give it the depth necessary to keep the film from falling completely flat.	The derivative and dim-witted Blood and Chocolate at least provides a practical metaphor for its own detrimental impact on cinema culture.	...pretty much your standard teenage-Romanian-werewolf movie...	A bland, forgettable, and sub-par teen marketed horror cash-in that bored me to tears...	Despite a few shock cuts and some decently staged shootouts, Blood and Chocolate is rarely thrilling and never scary ... and it seems to have been designed that way. If anything, it's a romance masquerading as a horror film.	Cheap CG effects and laughable dialogue make Blood and Chocolate worse than the usual werewolf flick.
A winning animated feature that has something for everyone on the age spectrum.	A film of such striking individuality and uncompromising precocity that I left the theater thrilled with the knowledge that I had just witnessed cinematic history.	To an entire generation of filmgoers, it just might represent the most significant leap in storytelling that they will ever see...	The film will probably be more fully appreciated by adults, who'll love the snappy, knowing verbal gags, the vivid, deftly defined characters, and the overall conceptual sophistication.	The film sports a provocative and appealing story that's every bit the equal of this technical achievement.	Entertaining as it is innovative, Toy Story reinvigorated animation while heralding the arrival of Pixar as a family-friendly force to be reckoned with.
Instead of penning a funny action film, the screenwriters created a Mad-Lib filled with wink-wink instances where the two main characters run into historical bigwigs.	a delight from the first scene to the last, a sequel that handily beats its predecessor	Except for some doubles, Chan performs his fight scenes in this film live on camera while doing his most creative choreography in years.	Nowhere near as clever as it thinks it is.	The movie is hardly breathtaking or a completely successful endeavor, but considering what's been stinking up the box office over the recent weeks, it's quite a respectable diversion nonetheless.	A silly, anachronistic mess, but the pairing of Chan and Wilson makes the movie fun.
Abrams knows what Mission fans want, and he gives us most of it.	When Mission: Impossible III is succeeding on any level, I'd like to give credit to its director, J.J. Abrams.	...a refreshing sense of humor and some dizzying action scenes...	The single admirable attribute of 'Mission: Impossible III' is the technical expertise that goes into the making of the action sequences. Aside from that, [it's] ordinary and forgettable.	It might have enough flash to please those who crave such entertainment films and don't mind if the story is nonsensical.	Fast-paced, with eye-popping stunts and special effects, the latest Mission: Impossible installment delivers everything an action fan could ask for. A thrilling summer popcorn flick.
A fabulously well-crafted motion-picture. (...) as close to being in the bunker oneself as one can get.	This suspenseful German drama is set during the final days of Adolph Hitler's life, when the once-fearsome Nazi military machine had all but collapsed.	[A]n epic without an epic hero, an epic of deserved defeat.	Explores the final 10 days of the 20th century's most hateful genocidal killer with a degree of objectivity, humanity and unflinching intensity.	Bruno Ganz as Hitler gives a tour de force performance that delineates the darkest dimensions of a bunker mentality.	Downfall is an illuminating, thoughtful and detailed account of Hitler's last days.
This isn't fun, escapist entertainment but, when it works, it's fascinating and compelling and makes us take a hard look at what TV news is selling and where it's getting the product.	Like the ending or not, the film finds strength in the performances by Gyllenhaal and Russo. Their work is as captivating to watch as a police chase on a Los Angeles freeway.	A gritty urban comedy noir, a scathing, Network-worthy disembowelment of television newsgatherers that will leave you craving a shower.	Writer-director Dan Gilroy create a compelling portrait of a slick hustler straight out of What Makes Sammy Run?, prowling the garish neon mean streets instead of the studios of Hollywood, willing to stoop to anything, even murder.	A movie for the pleasure of movie audiences pretending to be shocked by a story of ghoulish media.	Restless, visually sleek, and powered by a lithe star performance from Jake Gyllenhaal, Nightcrawler offers dark, thought-provoking thrills.
A sizzling crime melodrama seemingly inspired by "The French Connection". The best Hong Kong movie I have seen in years even remarkably filmed in China.	While it takes a while to come to a full boil, Drug War is an atypically grim gangster film from the typically inspired Hong Kong filmmaker Johnnie To.	Hong Kong action maestro Johnnie To takes his genre filmmaking savvy to the mainland in Drug War, a nail-biter that's actually quite light on action but so well-scripted and shot, it's nonetheless edge-of-your-seat material.	Drug War is gripping from its opening shot and doesn't loosen its mesmerizing hold on its viewer until its closing credits. Johnnie To delivers an aggressive slice of crime cinema that isn't afraid to take risks and is very rewarding because of it.	This film about cops and drug dealers in China is a lot like a story set in the Old West with outlaws and lawmen engaged in gun battles. There probably is a point to all this conflict that is lost in the translation.	A taut, solidly constructed action thriller with uncommon intelligence, Drug War delivers exhilarating set pieces without skimping on sophisticated filmmaking.
There have been a number of films about the national disaster and scandal of Hurricane Katrina but none have put you as directly into the eye of that storm as Trouble the Water.	Roberts needs more practice at holding the camera steady and framing shots. It doesn't matter. We feel her footage at the base of our spines.	I thought Spike Lee's When the Levees Broke was pretty much the last word on the national tragedy and disgrace that followed Hurricane Katrina's assault on New Orleans. Maybe not.	Trouble The Water is infuriating in its depiction of helpless Americans getting left behind, and uplifting in the way it shows the Roberts putting their lives together.	Essential, startling and distressing insight into what it was like to be in the eye of the Katrina storm if you were a poor, black resident of the Ninth Ward of New Orleans on Monday August 29 2005.	This incredible documentary displays the tragedy and mismanagement of Katrina along with the heroism of strangers and survivors.
The dialogue crackles happily and the performances charm.	It is annoyingly preposterous, corny where it could be comedic, sappy where it could be uplifting.	Personally, I found it irresistible -- not great, but definitely irresistible -- and I certainly enjoyed the company of these caring, enlightened people.	Gross doesn't have the spark of a star, and most everyone else seems to hail straight from central casting.	Beautifully filmed and warmly scored, the movie is a treat for the eyes and ears.	Though unrealistic, Big Eden has all the charm and sweetness of a fairy tale.
Michel Hazanavicius' spellbinding love-letter to silent cinema is a masterclass of inscrutable production design, top-notch physical comedy, and a postmodern sensibility which never descends into a rose-tintedly overzealous adulation of the era.	A bonbon to movies as they used to be, 'The Artist' is a treat.	The Artist is an absurdly anachronistic film in our age of 3-D cinematic assault. It's silent. It's black and white. And it's delightful.	Writer-director Michel Hazanavicius loads The Artist with magical, romantic moments.	For a movie that is so much about technique, it's surprising how affecting the story is.	A crowd-pleasing tribute to the magic of silent cinema, The Artist is a clever, joyous film with delightful performances and visual style to spare.
The comparisons to Fellini have been plentiful, but The Great Beauty is very much its own thing.	It lingers in the imagination long after more disciplined, well-behaved films have faded.	A seductive, woeful meditation on phony efforts and the challenge of living for the moment.	Frenetic portrait of Rome's elite recalls La Dolce Vita and Ulysses	Once the film settles down, it becomes a rollicking yet melancholy tour of a city so spectacular and historic that it paralyzes its inhabitants.	Dazzlingly ambitious, beautifully filmed, and thoroughly enthralling, The Great Beauty offers virtuoso filmmaking from writer/director Paolo Sorrentino.
Like the fruit of the lemon tree, The Lemon Tree is an astringent film, but just as welcome to the palate, in the right context.	The story could take place anywhere, here in the US, South America, Africa or wherever, and its David vs. Goliath theme is worldwide.	It will find an enthusiastic audience among those sympathetic to the Palestinian cause, who will find it a revealing analysis as opposed to one-sided agit-prop.	Riklis has made a powerful film, but can a powerful film change anything about the fatalistic culture of powerlessness that is felt throughout Palestine and Israel?	The sensuousness of Lemon Tree is its glory.	A positive and personal Israeli film that offers an understated and thought-provoking vision of the West Bank troubles.
Will Never Say Never change your opinion of Justin Bieber? Probably not. But it does offer an interesting look at exactly what Bieber fever is, how it spread so fast and who is behind it.	Somebody on screen - you forget who all the adults are; they're not important - describes Bieber as "the Macaulay Culkin of music," which seems right, if a little sad.	What the movie lacks in genuine insight it makes up for in what fans really want: gazing shots at the Biebz whipping his hair back and forth.	Justin Bieber: Never Say Never has an engaging back-story that captures Bieber's meteoric rags-to-riches rise to stardom.	Whether Bieber's wowing the fans at a concert or spontaneously hugging his grandfather, his enthusiasm and exuberance are impressive. And all that comes through loud and clear in Never Say Never.	As a tour documentary, it's rather uninspired -- but as a 3D glimpse of a building pop culture phenomenon, Never Say Never is undeniably entertaining.
Since the fights are all digitally conjured up anyway, genuine thrills are at a minimum and the copious sprays of pixelated blood quickly pall.	Nearly incomprehensible, the picture devolves quickly into an array of shaky cam, epilepsy-inducing editing, and blatantly fake CGI bloodshed the color of red paint.	It's brisk and exciting and exuberantly obvious filmmaking, but it knows how to light up every bloodthirsty pleasure center in your brain, and does so with gusto.	Uncertain of what it wants to be, Ninja Assassin will likely disappoint action fans with excessive CGI gore, and gore fans with excessive uninspired action.	This one is simply a diverting, uncommonly violent action flick. No need for an extended critical postmortem. Except to say the Wachowski brothers' trademark seems to have turned into a designer brand dedicated to producing inexpensive knockoffs.	Overly serious and incomprehensibly edited, Ninja Assassin fails to live up to the promise of its title.
It's Kubrick telling a tediously elaborate joke at a party, using his eccentric genius and charisma to keep you captivated against all odds.	Qualquer filme capaz de despertar tantas indagaушes jр vale uma conferida.	I found it brilliantly executed and haunting, like most of Kubrick's work.	You experience this 159-minute movie at his deliberate pace and from his oddly distanced perspective. The effect is disorienting but mesmerizing.	Combines all the flaws that marred Kubrick's earlier work - including a glacial pace, emotional coldness and the sudden eruption of scenes that seem to belong in a different movie.	Kubrick's intense study of the human psyche yields an impressive cinematic work.
Can't resist the urge to make the mordant comedy implicit in these movies more literal than it should be.	Let's call this the gooiest movie of the year (so far).	DEAD SNOW does everything a splatter-zombie film is supposed to do.	"Zombie Nazis" sounds like an unbeatable combination, but it turns out to be one of those great ideas that cannot sustain itself purely on the concept alone...	Far from Scandinavian Lutheran deep seriousness, this is all homage to a generally shallow genre and fun for those who cotton to that sort of thing.	Though it doesn't cover new ground, Dead Snow is an entertaining mix of camp, scares, and blood and guts.
The Coens have surged back to, once again, become the most consistently reliable American film-makers of their generation. The film is funny when it's sad and serious when it's frivolous.	As played by an eloquently beleaguered Oscar Isaac, Llewyn Davis is arguably the most vivid and complex character the Coens have dreamed up since Marge Gunderson.	Yes, there was a time when folk music was cool - the artists considered themselves direct conduits to the roiling, engaging psychology of the nation.	Who is this movie for? Manic depressives who love folk music? Avoid this movie if the holiday season already upsets you. Well made and acted but relentlessly melancholy.	The music choices alone will ensure this haunting, beautifully detailed film will live a long and lasting life.	Smart, funny, and profoundly melancholy, Inside Llewyn Davis finds the Coen brothers in fine form.
So long the milieu claims to be nothing nearer Europe than the stage Hollywood studio (and why otherwise should everyone speak self-consciously good American?), the fun waxes fast and [furious].	To Be or Not to Be is a delightfully comic take on a dreadfully momentous topic.	Lubitsch carefully mixes his usual brand of sophisticated humor with a bit of bittersweet.	Jack Benny's best, a fun WWII comedy directed by Lubitsch. And it has Lombard.	Lubitsch's guidance provides a tense dramatic pace with events developed deftly and logically throughout.	A complex and timely satire with as much darkness as slapstick, Ernst Lubitsch's To Be or Not To Be delicately balances humor and ethics.
Michael Corrente loses his bearings, bringing nothing fresh, and everything bland.	Despite a good cast and the requisite selection of classic rock, this is a dead-end teen stoner flick.	When the Farrellys have a point to make they know just the right language.	Accessible and entertaining!	Faithfully evokes the era!	Miscasted performers and humor miss the mark.
Its simple themes of friendship and looking at someone more than skin-deep provide a strong backbone for a story that is entertaining and heartwarming at the same time, making this a rare animated treat that is more than just goofy fun.	"Ernest & Celestine" delivers a sweet message that should prove delightful to young and old alike.	Delightful art and a cute story of inter-species co-existence.	as unique and delicate as an antique Valentine.	The beauty of this adaptation of Belgian author and illustrator Gabrielle Vincent's characters is its sheer simplicity and sincerity.	Sweet and visually charming, Ernest & Celestine offers old-fashioned delights for animation lovers of all ages.
The scare tactics are tried and just as tired as they always are.	The real message to be learned from The Messengers is that audiences need something new to scare them, not the same old ghosts.	Una mбs de niсos que ven fantasmas, totalmente insignificante y olvidable y plagada de lugares comunes que ya no asustan ni sorprenden a nadie.	The problem with The Messengers is that it simply doesn't offer up much of anything new.	This first American horror effort by the Pang Bros. doesn't deliver.	The Messengers is an atmospheric but derivative rip-off of countless other horror movies.
Entertaining documentary about how badly everything went.	A stunning documentary.	entertaining without always being compelling	Interesting but nothing spectacular, the film is relatively easy enough to sit through, but isn't quite as insightful and certainly not as entertaining as I had been led to believe.	One of the most depressing film's I've ever seen.	A remarkable behind-the-scenes look at a movie that wasn't, Lost in La Mancha is an incisive, entertaining document of the difficulties inherent in the moviemaking process.
Is it funny? I enjoyed it without actually laughing all that much.	This re-establishes The Simpsons as the jewel in the crown of American animation.	Even the naysayers, the ones who claim that the show hasn't been worth watching since Clinton was in office, will be amazed and delighted by a storyline so strong and funny that it deserves to be ranked among the show's all-time greatest episodes	The pace is breakneck, and the animation -- though still primitive -- makes good use of the full width of the screen.	...may be less potty-mouthed than South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut, but it takes aim at its middle-American milieu with a towel-snapping glee that is just as effective in reducing its audience to cheerfully willing victims.	The Simpsons Movie contains the hearty laughs, biting satire, and honest portrayal of an American family that makes the show so popular. And it boasts slicker animation and polished writing that hearkens back to the show's glory days.
Sure, the film's flashy visuals (apparently geared to engaging video game-impaired attention spans) are entertaining, but its cynicism is distasteful.	The whole thing falls apart thanks to Burnett's ridiculous attitude ... His reaction to the insolence from above is insulting.	Technically proficient, morally vacant and troublingly jingoistic.	A perpetual din of screeching metal and roaring jet engines; if we wanted to hear planes this loud, we would enlist.	derivative, but it ain't dull	The plot for Behind Enemy Lines is more jingoistic than credible, and the overload of flashy visual tricks makes the action sequences resemble a video game.
Just how much of the 105-minute running time of Underworld: Evolution, the sequel to the titular 2003 film, is actually a new movie is debatable since a good deal is told in flashback.	Despite a better story this time, director Len Wiseman follows the same action-movie formula.	It's nice to watch a femme-driven action piece that doesn't completely suck (except in ways it should)	It's interesting and very telling that in the credits the actors are named last. It's Wiseman's way of acknowledging his films are not about performances but special effects.	The movie isn't funny or campy or terribly exciting or very interesting, but it's not egregiously dimwitted or insulting, either.	A visual and aural assault on the senses, this vampire-werewolf sequel makes a lot of noise and features a heavy-handed, overly convoluted story.
The charm of the actors, the unabashedly romantic goofiness and the clever winks at classic Disney set pieces make the movie not only kid-friendly but a guilty pleasure for adults as well.	In the hands of Adams, the evolution elicits as much sympathy as it does laughter, largely because she grounds every pivotal moment in wide-eyed kindness and generosity, pushing us to care about her fate.	Wonderful performances by Amy Adams and James Marsden as the real-life versions of a classic Disney princess and her prince charming. They are magnificent.	Enchanted still provides a pleasant twist on Walt Disney's traditional output and has enough decent performances from its cast to raise titters and smiles from even the most grumpy movie-goers.	For the most part this is a perky delight that takes a cheeky glee in biting the gloved hand that feeds.	A smart re-imagining of fairy tale tropes that's sure to delight children and adults, Enchanted features witty dialogue, sharp animation, and a star turn by Amy Adams.
Vertical Limit has no plot -- or, rather, just a semblance of a plot.	The year's most ludicrous action movie.	The air gets pretty thin at 24,000 feet ... Best I can figure, Robert King must have written his script for Vertical Limit at that altitude. It's that stupid.	For all the pains that have been taken to plunk us vicariously alongside the frozen peril, Vertical Limit is mostly a joke that keeps getting unfunnier.	Limit all too often ends up showing the same thing: a disposable, second-string actor clinging to a Styrofoam ledge, looking down at an impossibly deep chasm.	The plot in Vertical Limit is ludicrously contrived and cliched. Meanwhile, the action sequences are so over-the-top and piled one on top of another, they lessen the impact on the viewer.
A Serious Man is exquisitely, perhaps even flawlessly, realized. If one were to say that the Coens have stopped evolving as filmmakers, it is only because one cannot improve upon perfection.	Joel and Ethan Coen have such a splendid touch when it comes to filmmaking.	As great a movie as the brothers have ever made.	A sumptuous cinematic feast, and kosher to boot!	Can art come from jadedness? Will the brothers ever "mean it''? A Serious Man forces the issue in ways that will either floor you or drive you batty.	Blending dark humor with profoundly personal themes, the Coen brothers deliver what might be their most mature -- if not their best -- film to date.
The wash and wax has definitely given it a flashy millennial look, but Wong's lyrical stream-of-consciousness prequel to Louis Cha's legendary novel The Eagle-Shooting Heroes remains a typically impenetrable.	I think I started to come close to understanding it; regardless, I'm very fond of it, and it's easy to get swept away by its lonely majesty.	Wong's elliptical, enigmatic storytelling is lent a real lyricism by the stunning photography. It's visually rich, drawn in a colour palette that includes searing acid yellows and scorched ambers and reliant on reflected light and layered images.	Christopher Doyle's mesmeric compositions remain unaltered, his experiments with colour, light and texture giving the imagery an artistry that majestically survive the moments of clumsy viscerality attempted during the fight sequences.	Beautiful to look at, with painterly compositions, gorgeous, emotionally charged close-ups and slick, elegant transitions. It's all for naught because the story seems no more coherent than the flourishes of a kaleidoscope.	Wong Kar Wai's redux, with a few slight changes from his 1994 classic, is a feast for the eyes, if a little difficult to follow.
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools.	Instead of 'The Royal Tenenbaums,' a viewer might be inclined to term the result 'The Royal Pains'...you can admire its attempts at wit without finding the actual outcome terribly funny.	Writer/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky, with mixed results.	Puts the 'fun' back into dysfunctional.	I enjoyed the film for its performances.	In the vein of The Catcher in the Rye, Igby Goes Down is scathingly witty and sharply observant.
Satisfyingly complex and captivating, the film holds our attention for the entire 158 minutes of running time	In less experienced hands, this would surely have wound up as lurid, trashy pulp. Yet Fincher plays it straight and keeps it serious.	Fincher's version oozes style, delivering an eye catching cinematic experience, while editing of the action is snappy.	A tough, post-punk Tintin-meets-Klute for the Occupy Wall Street set, this kinetic, hard-edged thriller is the perfect festive comedown for Fincher fans and dysfunctional families everywhere.	David Fincher's much-anticipated return to serial-killer territory is a fastidiously grim pulp entertainment that plays like a first-class train ride through progressively bleaker circles of hell.	Brutal yet captivating, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is the result of David Fincher working at his lurid best with total role commitment from star Rooney Mara.
classic in a boring sort of a way	Less spectacular but more cogent than later 'virtual reality' fantasies such as Total Recall and The Truman Show.	Versăo "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensăo suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presença de Brynner.	[Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.	The idea exceeds the execution	Yul Brynner gives a memorable performance as a robotic cowboy in this amusing sci-fi/western hybrid.
Slender but amusing adaptation of a W. Somerset Maugham novel.	Shifting emotional gears with the adroitness of a Formula One driver, Bening delivers a diamond of a performance - multifaceted, sparkling and flawless.	I liked the movie in its own way, while it was cheerfully chugging along, but the ending let me down.	A tour de force and an utter delight.	I enjoyed watching Ms. Bening in close to top form, and I think you will, too.	Annette Bening delivers a captivating performance in Being Julia, a sophisticated comedy that follows a 1930s stage diva who experiences an identity crisis at age 40.
Subtle and multi-layered film-making with compelling performances.	Its sincere consideration of its characters' longing for acceptance and approval rings true.	A subtly nuanced family drama that resonates long after its hushed ending.	If anyone can be considered an heir of the great Yasujiro Ozu, it might be Hirokazu Kore-Eda, the writer and director of Still Walking.	Still Walking strikes an extraordinary balance between the moment-to-moment pleasure of life and the inevitable regret that accompanies time's passing.	Hirokazu Kore-eda's film may seem modest at first, but this family drama casts a delicate, entrancing spell.
It moves briskly through its impressive array of talking points, though you might wish it had lingered over a few of them for a little more depth. No matter. Consider it a primer on a deadly serious issue that affects all of us, several times a day.	Concerned with entertainment value as well as clarity and punch, he uses lots of colourful graphics, and moves quickly from one aspect of his subject to another.	An important film, a fascinating and intelligent doc that's easily one of the best of the year. Could very well make a huge difference in how you decide what you put in your mouth.	It's entertaining and fast-moving enough to make audiences intermittently forget they're consuming cinematic health food.	Feels like the Cliffs notes version of a gripping book.	An eye-opening expose of the modern food industry, Food, Inc. is both fascinating and terrifying, and essential viewing for any health-conscious citizen.
A stirring and solid tribute to the late dance instructor.	Pina belongs in the rare category of adventurous material matched with a thrillingly immersive form -- suck it, Avatar.	Crane and steadycam allow Wenders to get so close to the action that in the minimalist Café Müller, one's illusion of being on stage is uncanny.	Exciting if elusive - appealing to dance enthusiasts	A tribute to Pina Bausch, one of modern dance's most groundbreaking choreographers, pic lets the artist's work speak for itself via big, juicy slabs of performance.	Pina is an immersive, gorgeously shot tribute to the people who express life through movement.
There Will Be Blood is a vivid, sprawling parable about greed and moral corrosion.	ena stoiheiotiko portraito tis skoteinis pleyras tis kynigioy tis epityhias, poy oso gigantonetai, metatrepetai sto teras tis aplistias, toso dynato poy katabrohthizei akomi kai toys pneymatikoys igetes poy tha eprepe na to katapolemisoyn	Beautifully crafted and acted though There Will Be Blood is, Daniel Plainview remains an enigma. This and weak, reaching developments in the third act make the film a lesser epic.	Those who believe America is trading blood for oil will find agreement in the film's very title, as well as in the action of prospecting and drilling, in which heavy stakes are driven into the Earth's heart to loose dark gushers...	It's more than a "departure" for director Paul Thomas Anderson; it's a monumental display of "evolution" that'll wow the established fans and impress a helluva lot more new ones.	Widely touted as a masterpiece, this sparse and sprawling epic about the underhanded "heroes" of capitalism boasts incredible performances by leads Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano, and is director Paul Thomas Anderson's best work to date.
So it's a relief and a pleasant surprise that Wall Street, despite some missteps and the need for an editor, mostly manages to live up to the interest generated by its kinetic trailers and the heavy hand of hype.	Scorsese's solid 'The Wolf of Wall Street,' based on the true story of a white-collar criminal's excesses, would have been even better if it weren't so ... excessive.	Rests comfortably alongside Scorsese's masterpieces Goodfellas and Casino, but carries a sting that even they don't by examining the most acceptable, yet most rapacious, of criminal swindles.	Whatever the movie's flaws, it's a great Rabelaisian entertainment whose grimy pleasures can't be denied.	Scorsese and DiCaprio whip up excitement, but where's the depth?	Funny, self-referential, and irreverent to a fault, The Wolf of Wall Street finds Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio at their most infectiously dynamic.
A tone deaf picture that fails to be either darkly funny or intelligently consequential.	Most will be turned off by the filmmakers' fatal attraction to the very excesses over which they supposedly are shaking their heads.	Never goes deeper than what you might get out of Dr. Phil on a bad day.	...offers a limited authenticity, for it never delves behind the copious amounts of makeup its subjects wear.	Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, who wrote and directed, think the way to make a movie about shallow, aimless lives descending into chaos is for the movie itself to be shallow, aimless, and to descend into chaos.	The lurid display of camp soon turns tedious.
Well-acted pleasure worthy of your thought and repeated viewing.	'Buen thriller con una que otra vuelta de tornillo que seguramente dejarб satisfecho a la mayorнa'	Good performances, a quicksilver pace, and some modest surprises result in a satisfying popcorn picture.	Surprisingly entertaining.	One of the most engrossing underrated legal thrillers in years...	An implausible but entertaining legal thriller.
Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.	It wanders through the desert, looking for an exciting hook but never finding one.	All of the action and mayhem is designed to distract the viewer from the realization that a lot of what transpires during the course of this movie makes little sense.	Does it make sense? Not really. Is it memorable? Absolutely not. Will it prevent you from being bored for 100 minutes? Maybe.	There's no sense of wonder in Prince of Persia and that's a shame because it's a film which should be built almost entirely on wonder.	It doesn't offer much in the way of substance, but Prince of Persia is a suitably entertaining swashbuckler -- and a substantial improvement over most video game adaptations.
The film galumphs along in static panels, prioritizing flash over thought, hyperextending a story that would barely sustain a children's picture book.	If you can fall into it, you should be amazed, if not enchanted.	At best, Helena's wiggy adventures recall such Jean Cocteau films as Orpheus and Blood of a Poet. At worst, they resemble the Vegas act of Cirque du Soleil.	An impressive sheen on some familiar themes.	Too strange and disjointed to attract much of an audience, but its astonishing visuals showcase a major new talent: first-time feature director and book illustrator Dave McKean.	While visually dazzling, there isn't enough story to hang all the fancy effects on.
Hamilton drifts dangerously close to formula, and risks reducing her genuinely fascinating subject to a backdrop. But Mackie and Washington are too fine to let stock situations overtake them.	Through its two leads, Kerry Washington and Anthony Mackie, "Night Catches Us' is a provocative and powerful drama that moves with solid acting from the ensemble cast.	...a complex, intriguing film written and directed by Tanya Hamilton and set in Philadelphia's African American community in the summer of 1976.	Tanya Hamilton's Night Catches Us, a snapshot of the post-Black Power movement era, suffers most from its structural deficiencies.	A poorly-paced, bland and underwhelming drama that can't be saved by its authentic production values nor by Washington and Mackie's strong performances.	A bold, original debut, Night Catches Us personalizes a tumultuous period in American history thanks to strong performances from Anthony Mackie and Kerry Washington.
Less amateurish than the 1990 original, less embarrassing than the 1991 sequel (with its mind-boggling Vanilla Ice ninja-rap number), this may be the easiest installment in the series for parents to sit through.	The Turtles themselves are better-natured than ever, and even nicely mellowed.	Achieves a degree of grace, goofiness, and agreeability that can often be lost in the serious drudgery of everyday life.	Writer/director Stuart Gillard tries to inject some life into the project by including some tongue-in-cheek scenes in 17th-century Japan, but it quickly degenerates into half-hearted cartoonish action.	Rinky-dink production values, and sheer mindlessness and creative bankruptcy.	It's a case of one sequel too many for the heroes in a half shell, with a tired time-travel plot gimmick failing to save the franchise from rapidly diminishing returns.
It was painful to watch.	The only scary part in the movie is that it clearly opens the door for a Scream 4.	Es justo y necesario que en aras de mantener el éxito que hasta ahora ha tenido la serie, el asesino de la máscara se apuńale a sí mismo	[Wraps] up the trilogy in satisfying fashion.	...a rather anticlimactic finish to a series that started out with such promise...	According to critics, Scream 3 has become what it originally spoofed. Despite some surprising twists, the movie seems to have lost its freshness and originality by falling back on the old horror formulas and cliches.
With its stripped-down emphasis on surviving the elements and a natural predator, The Edge generates more suspense than many a fabricated action thriller.	The more I think about this film, the more I like it.	A few scattered profanities, a couple of gory accidents and a subplot about suspected adultery are all that separates this story from the grade-school classic "My Side of the Mountain."	It takes more than a few lines of clever dialogue, a hero who reads books, and an actor with British training and lots of dignity to keep a movie from going pretty much by the book.	It's subtly funny in the way it toys with the cliches of the genre.	The Edge is an entertaining hybrid of brainy Mamet dialogue with brawny outdoors action -- albeit one that sadly lacks as much bite as its furry antagonist.
Theron sacrifices her body, her image, and her soul to give what may be the most stunning transformation ever to take place in any movie.	Without the remarkably fascinating metamorphosis of Charlize Theron into a hideous troglodyte, this movie could've been quite the monster.	I will be about 6 inches from the television screen come Oscar night screaming Charlize's name until she walks up onto that podium.	[Jenkins] turns what could have ended up a lurid sensationalist story into a rich portrait of life on the edge of society.	A stirring, brutal and sad examination of the bleak cycle of violence and pain.	Charlize Theron gives a searing, deglamorized performance as real life serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster, an intense, disquieting portrait of a profoundly damaged soul.
Shadow provides a fat dose of good unclean fun.	A shockingly funny spellbinder.	At once a horror film, a black comedy, and a peculiar ode to the art of filmmaking, Shadow of the Vampire is best appreciated as a straight-faced fantasy.	Murnau is probably spinning in his grave.	Though the storyline verges on silliness, Dafoe brilliantly captures both the cunning and the creepy isolation of the actor-vampire.	Shadow of the Vampire is frightening, compelling, and funny, and features an excellent performance by Willem Dafoe.
It's possible that one of the reasons why the film wasn't nominated for a best-documentary Oscar was because it was too horrifying.	It's impossible not to be left either elated or heartbroken, depending on which way the (lottery) ball bounces.	Go see it, and then talk about it. But don't necessarily buy into it.	There I sat, alone in the theater, watching what may very well be the most important movie of the year, if not the decade. To say that the documentary 'Waiting for Superman' has played to a small audience is an exercise in understatement.	Just as he passionately got stuck into Al Gore's global warming theories in An Inconvenient Truth, Davis Guggenheim explores the US school system in an expose of its appalling inadequacies... an excellent and sobering documentary	Gripping, heartbreaking, and ultimately hopeful, Waiting for Superman is an impassioned indictment of the American school system from An Inconvenient Truth director Davis Guggenheim.
A bloody mess.	Had more attention been paid to the characters, plot and less on the concluding special effects, however, it would have been a far better film.	...too many special effects; not enough suspense or frights.	This is almost a green light. If you considered yourself a connoisseur of horror films, you'll be disappointed. If you are easily scared then you will love it.	It's a cheesy throwaway horror flick, but it's a tight cheesy throwaway horror flick.	Unsophisticated and unoriginal film fails to produce scares.
Unfortunately perpetuates the idea that the ultimate accoplishment is capturing the affection of a jerk.	Its atmosphere is spot on, making it a nostalgic treat for many viewers today.	While the script contains trite and unbelievable dialogue, the superbly convincing performances make up for these faults.	Hughes' penetrating insight into the minds of 1980s kids makes this one of the best films to bear his name.	...even the notoriously reshot conclusion comes off as genuinely sweet and touching...	Molly Ringwald gives an outstanding performance in this sweet, intelligent teen comedy that takes an ancient premise and injects it with insight and wit.
Proceeding from a ridiculous premise, this fish-out-of-water tale manages to create a passably humorous film for kids.	Should delight youngsters, although parents likely will find it is sentimental in the extreme, with a plot that telegraphs every development.	Kids will eat it up. The rest of us just have to time the eating of our popcorn to avoid the occasional crude humor and well-worn story.	The humor never rises very far above the barnyard.	Adorable zebra, overly cute girl, funny animals, and too much bird poop - and yet still entertaining (not as much for adults, but if I was 9, I would have loved it).	An entertaining children movie that ought to be tolerable for adults.
The Twilight Saga: Eclipse is superior to its two predecessors in every possible way. The mythology finally feels comfortable in its own skin, aware of both its strengths and limitations, and appears to be striding confidently into the future.	Still bad, but just maybe, mildly less bad than the previous two.	I enjoyed Eclipse about as much as someone outside the target audience can, but that still isn't enough to merit an outright recommendation.	Not as good as Twilight, not as bad as New Moon, Eclipse is decent teen cinema that will thrill fans and mollify their accompaniers. Can't wait for the caesarean-by- teeth in the next one...	What elevates Eclipse above the previous Twilight films is that it doesn't take itself so seriously, and Slade doesn't allow his stars to.	Stuffed with characters and overly reliant on uninspired dialogue, Eclipse won't win The Twilight Saga many new converts, despite an improved blend of romance and action fantasy.
Finds an unusual tonal sweet spot somewhere in between absurdist comedy and melancholy in considering two groups at a socio-historical impasse.	The camera effectively pictures the two separate but equal Mardi Gras and contrasts the faux-baroque finery with some urban scruffiness.	[A] beautifully restrained, intelligent documentary about how complicated race relations can be in the modern South.	Separate but equal is alive and well in America; see how it works at Mardi Gras in Mobile	[An] affectingly insightful and well-informed documentary. Myths taps into a special kind of Southern tradition%u2014with underlying racial overtones as a societal hovering factor.	More than a documentary about the oldest Mardi Gras celebration in the south, Order of Myths encompasses the eccentric characters of Mobile and the still-lingering racial tensions that surround them.
This one put a smile on my face in a way that few zombies movie have since they reanimated Mae West for Sextette.	A juicy old school gothic horror yarn with playfully crafted, delightfully depraved post-modern glee, vampires, zombies, aliens and that new-fangled thing called a sandwich, kicking in for good measure.	A fine pair of grave robbers, (director) Mr. McQuaid and (producer) Mr. Fessenden plunder freely from the movie crypt, unearthing other chomping, glowing mysteries and monstrosities.	Uneven Victorian-era supernatural horror-comedy about grave-robbing.	This episodic horror-comedy...doesn't quite hold together for its entire length, but its amiable approach will win you over with its good intentions.	A horror comedy that's almost as chilling as it is funny, I Sell the Dead relies on its dark humor and offbeat charm to overcome its low budget shortcomings.
The characters, situation, and dialogue are stretched a bit thin.	The brain is far more afraid of the possible than the impossible, and Green knows this	Since the plot literally has nowhere to go, Frozen is basically a waiting game.	Perfect movie to enjoy with friends, not because it's too frightening to see solo, but because it evokes a WTF/OMG reaction that's awkward to share that with a stranger.	Frozen is quite simply terrifying. It will do for skiing what Jaws did for swimming.	Writer/director Adam Green has the beginnings of an inventive, frightening yarn in Frozen, but neither the script nor the cast are quite strong enough to truly do it justice.
Everything in Jaws the Revenge is utterly expectable, which isn't a bright idea for a film relying on suspense and tension.	Sargent's enough of an action vet to grind out a watchable sequel, but too much of a TV hack to turn the arbitrary dramatics into anything but synthetic pulp.	Beyond the ridiculous premise, there's nowhere for this story to go, and we don't get enough shark action to make up for it.	Jaws the Revenge, the fourth in a series of monster shark epics, is dead in the water.	The shark models have so little movement that at times they seem to be supporting themselves on boats, instead of attacking them. Up until the ludicrous final sequence of the movie, the scariest creature in the film is an eel.	Illogical, tension-free, and filled with cut-rate special effects, Jaws 4 - The Revenge is a sorry chapter in a once-proud franchise.
It's a good, goofy time at the movies.	If this is Evolution, put me down for creationism.	The funniest summer blockbuster since Men In Black.	Now here's a summer rerun that's worth leaving home to watch.	When the laughs came, they were solid.	Director Reitman tries to remake Ghostbusters, but his efforts are largely unsuccessful because the movie has too many comedic misfires.
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer.	It's refreshing to see a kids' action movie in which the most crucial 'special effect' is a rubber band.	With Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry.	Though it's competently made, Spy Kids 2 is a classic example of the too hasty sequel, a movie with few ideas and no heart.	Agreeably substantive and charmingly resourceful, a pleasant diversion for late summer that won't actually make your children appreciably stupider.	Though the concept is no longer fresh, Spy Kids 2 is still an agreeable and energetic romp.
Zombie has a clear lack of courage within "Halloween" and displays the definite sign of a man who was too inept to tell his own tale...	The original Halloween was about Jamie Lee Curtis in danger up to her knee socks. And for socks, that was a remarkably high threshold of danger.	The result, though undeniably preferable to yet another misbegotten installment of the long-exhausted franchise, certainly doesn't compare to John Carpenter's landmark original film.	The original and the remake need to stand alone and apart, and Zombie's film has merits of its own that should be appreciated.	Finally we know why homicidal maniac Michael Myers wears a mask. Straight-up embarrassment.	Rob Zombie doesn't bring many new ideas to the table in Halloween, making it another bloody disappointment for fans of the franchise.
Where Gibney's film succeeds is in the way it lays bare the theatre of the Tour de France to mug bystanders like me who assumed it was a straightforward cycling competition.	Armstrong comes across as both admirably resilient and frighteningly selfish, his treatment of those who crossed him (teammates with whom he doped, for example) tellingly callous, his refusal to be beaten bizarrely engaging.	Given Armstrong's squirminess on the couch, you'll wish this profile had traded a portion of its deep background for a little in-the-moment boldness.	A quite absorbing but never riveting or revelatory overview of Armstrong's career and testy personality.	Even those who believe they couldn't think less of the disgraced Tour de France-winning cyclist will regard "The Armstrong Lie" as the final nail in the coffin he built himself.	Smartly constructed and scathingly sharp, The Armstrong Lie presents an effective indictment of its unscrupulous subject -- as well as the sports culture that spawned him.
But while Hoot's pro-environment message to kids is certainly worthy, the unquestioning, pro-vigilante angle doesn't sit entirely well.	the superficial approach to the issues and casual attitude toward dangerous and illegal behavior by the kids undermines the story's credibility.	Dumbs down a story that, for what it's worth, was no Holes to begin with… aggravates the book's narrative and moral problems while watering down its charms.	This sweet-natured but plodding adaptation of a young-adult novel by Carl Hiaasen could have used a little less broad satire of corporate greed and a few more, well, owls. The critters peep from their burrows for only a few brief moments.	Gets points for sweetness and a nice message, but that's all, folks	Lacking energy and humor, Hoot is a ho-hum story of eco-awareness that falls flat as a pancake.
It's an exhilarating place to visit, this laboratory of laughter.	Comedian probably would have worked a lot better had it focused entirely on Seinfeld, but as it is, it's still an eye-opening look at the life of a comic.	Ultra-cheap and incorrigibly lo-fi, Comedian doesn't have much rhyme or reason, or a point.	Comedian, like its subjects, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun, no-frills ride.	What's missing most from Comedian is the stand-up act that Seinfeld is so carefully crafting.	Comedian is an insightful look at the hard work of creating comedy.
Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore, who generate great chemistry together, display impeccable comic timing in 'Music and Lyrics.'	It's a little like watching Gandalf and Frodo share scenes.	If music be the food of love, Music and Lyrics is a recipe for indigestion.	Music and Lyrics admits its own shallowness, but it wants you to admit you shamelessly enjoy it too.	So, this is a passable, often funny rom-com that'll make an awful lot of Friday-night daters very happy. But it really is high time Grant tried something different.	Music & Lyrics is a light and pleasant romantic comedy that succeeds because of the considerable charm of its co-stars. The music segments featuring Hugh Grant are worth the price of admission.
Like his character, Cromwell has the timber to build great things and make it last.	Genevičve Bujold and especially James Cromwell do much to enrich and humanize this sensitively done geezers-in-peril entry.	McGowan's film doesn't want to get its hands dirty, which winds up making its portrait of cruel twilight-years realities-and the enduring power of love to see one through those difficulties-as easily digestible as its lush rural panoramas are picturesque.	"Still Mine" offers James Cromwell a rare shot at a leading role, and he makes the most of it.	... has a sincerity and an authenticity that creates a bittersweet portrait of aging and lifelong devotion.	James Cromwell and Genevičve Bujold are outstanding in this tender, affecting, insightful drama about the bonds and sacrifices of marriage.
Incredibly stylish and visually ravishing -- arguably to a fault -- Jean-Jacques Beineixís audacious debut has aged well.	If you feel like something more exotic than your average Hollywood fare, a fine cast, fantastic set designs, and the score by Vladimir Cosma make Diva an enjoyable film to watch.	Had Wile E. Coyote chased Jean-Luc Godard, the result might have been Diva.	The most exciting debut in years, it is unified by the extraordinary decor - colour supplement chic meets pop art surrealism - which creates a world of totally fantastic reality situated four-square in contemporary Paris.	Made with wit and humor, this French stunner abounds in the go-for-broke spirit of a first film made by a talented, nervy director.	Beineix combines unique cinematography, an intelligent script, and a brilliant soundtrack to make Diva a stylishly memorable film.
This date is a dud.	There's really nothing much to Prom Night: No twists, no atmosphere, no big Grand Guignol setpieces, not a single moment when it tries to do something novel with the event, the killings, the villain, or the victims.	Though a remake in name only, Prom Night nevertheless improves considerably upon its eponymous predecessor...	Corny, monotonous and very far from scary	One of the most memorable nights in a teenager's young life is grist for a pretty unmemorable movie in this tame horror entry that follows conventions to the letter.	A dim and predictable remake of an already dull slasher film, this Prom Night fails to be memorable.
Unevenly acted, hatched from a one joke premise and trading precariously on a single performance, Liar Liar shouldn't be as funny as it is.	After a while, Jim Carey's character making a fool of himself is becoming annoying and the ultra-sentimental finale doesn't ring a little bit true.	...just hilarious enough to restore trust in the star's bankability.	The effect is surprisingly touching. No matter what you think of his humor, by gum, the man works hard.	...Liar Liar is hysterical.	Despite its thin plot, Liar Liar is elevated by Jim Carrey's exuberant brand of physical humor, and the result is a laugh riot that helped to broaden the comedian's appeal.
Confused plot and digressive globe trotting notwithstanding, the best Bond in years.	Expect the expected.	More serious, tougher version of Bond has plenty of violence.	Dalton, with his athletic sort of Brit-yuppie work ethic and romantic streak, comes out all right.	Dalton is a dapper, dashing and dangerous Bond. And although "Casino Royale's" sophisticated blend of thrills and personal turmoil slightly eludes "Daylights," it's a sign that the producers then had the right instincts if not the full initiative.	In The Living Daylights, newcomer Timothy Dalton plays James Bond with more debonair seriousness than preceding installments, and the result, is energetic, exciting, and occasionally weighty.
Unfortunately, despite a praise worthy performance by Elisabeth Shue, the movie did not leave us with a lasting impression or emotional connection.	A near-disaster.	Shue's character is supposed to be sweet, but Molly is a shallow and tiresome movie.	In spite of its lofty goal to remind the masses that the disabled are human beings with feelings just like everyone else, Molly abounds with cliches about the very people it purports to represent.	For all its sensitivity, the film abounds with movie cliches about the developmentally challenged.	Molly never really elevates above uninspired, cliche-ridden moments.
If the film is perhaps a little slow in its middle passages, maybe that is part of the idea, too, to give us a sense of the leaden passage of time, before the glory of the final redemption.	Why are these men in jail?	Gritty but comforting story of friendship.	It is able to sustain itself throughout its duration and to keep you enraptured with its remarkably hopeful story.	An amazing movie. Easily one of the best movies made during the 90s and definitely one of the top 'prison' movies of all-time. Pretty much everything about this movie works and works extremely well!	The Shawshank Redemption is an uplifting, deeply satisfying prison drama with sensitive direction and fine performances.
Like many artists today, Grisham and Schumacher exploit racial tension without understanding it.	Really not moving and perhaps not even greatly intelligent in the way that To Kill a Mockingbird was, but it gives a feel for Southern politics and law better than other Grisham films and it tells its story engrossingly.	Only a screenplay by Akiva Goldsman could make things worse--and lo and behold, speak of the devil and Old Scratch appears.	Looks aren't enough. In the lead, McConaughey isn't there.	Nothing more than an entry in Matthew McConaughey's filmography.	Overlong and superficial, A Time to Kill nonetheless succeeds on the strength of its skillful craftsmanship and top-notch performances.
To those who think critics are too hard on movies...I ask, can you tell the difference between a Pacifier and a School of Rock? Family films don't have to suck.	As new kids movie star Ice Cube takes over Vin Diesel's XXX role, the once promising star of the Riddick franchise here descends into a horrific holding pattern.	Well there's 91 minutes of my life I'll never get back.	[Diesel's] funnier here than he was in The Chronicles of Riddick, and that one wasn't even billed as a comedy.	Moms, dads and anyone else who's nurtured children in the 21st century [will] revel in the catharsis.	Vin Diesel parodies his tough guy image for the family audience, but the result is only moderately amusing.
Drab and lifeless...pretends to upend the tired conventions of the genre while actually embracing each and every one of them.	Though Friends with Benefits eventually loses that battle against clichés, that fight is the most interesting thing about the movie by far.	Justin Timberlake proves that his performance in "The Social Network" was not a fluke and Mila Kunitz is both beautiful and funny.	For its first two-thirds, Friends With Benefits is a welcome tonic, a sharply funny and raunchy rebuke against the worn-out cliches of romantic comedies.	It's one of those rare made-in-Hollywood couplings that transcends the ordinary stuff of movies, like plot and sense and credibility.	Friends with Benefits adds nothing new to its well-worn rom-com formula, but the chemistry between Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis is almost enough to carry the movie by itself.
Like a flower, Jarmusch's story grows more beautiful as it slowly unfolds to reveal delicate but intoxicating inner truths.	... the best film Jarmusch has made since DEAD MAN... a natural extension of what Jarmusch has always done rather than just an excuse to work with a movie star.	"Broken Flowers" is layered with sophisticated symbolism, amusing wordplay and a strong cast, yet it remains an unsatisfying film.	Jarmusch catches life with nuance and charm ... it's like a delicate variation on About Schmidt.	It's chock full of really winning performances...	Bill Murray's subtle and understated style complements director Jim Jarmusch's minimalist storytelling in this quirky, but deadpan comedy.
makes you think too much about what it's doing, rather than what it's about, thus drawing you away from the deeper philosophical questions of life and death at its core	Its attempts to intriguingly address issues of life and death are undercut by silly vagueness and sillier gratuitous T&A.	Clean, precise and terribly sullen, After.Life is like its female protagonist. It feels stuck between worlds, or genres.	What might have played well as a multipage Poe rumination gradually gets pulled to bits by thudding Ricci-Neeson face-offs in the poster-ready funeral-prep chamber.	Neither horrific enough to scare, nor psychologically thrilling enough to even register a pulse. And whatever fun there is to be found, and there were hoots aplenty, it's of the "laughing at, not with" variety.	It has an interesting premise and admirable ambitions, but After.Life fails to deliver enough twists or thrills to sustain its creepy atmosphere.
Epic is a word that suits Hoop Dreams well: The film seems to encompass not just a few individuals' stories, but draw archetypes out of them to personify the larger world around.	A remarkable film saturated with ironic twists, heartbreaking scenarios and moments of pure jubilation.	This picture has a legitimate dramatic structure that is equally as compelling as a scripted slice of fiction.	Along the way it becomes a revealing and heartbreaking story about life in America.	It's the closest movie equivalent to the great American novel I've seen in years.	One of the most critically acclaimed documentaries of all time, Hoop Dreams is a rich, complex, heartbreaking, and ultimately deeply rewarding film that uses high school hoops as a jumping-off point to explore issues of race, class, and education in modern America.
Despite dealing with weighty themes such as ageing, death and the gap between Holmes' public and private personas, there's plenty of delightful humour to enjoy.	Bill Condon ignores the delights and hardships of becoming an artist in lieu of simply presenting the long-touted liberating effects of art.	Featuring Oscar caliber work all around (especially from McKellen), it's one of my favorite films of 2015. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	Honors the Arthur Conan Doyle legacy as much as the engrossing BBC series starring Benedict Cumberbatch -- and certainly more than those daft action romps featuring Robert Downey Jr. as Indiana Holmes.	Mr. Holmes is a solid (if unremarkable) period drama that is anchored by a great Ian McKellen performance as an old Sherlock Holmes	Mr. Holmes focuses on the man behind the mysteries, and while it may lack Baker Street thrills, it more than compensates with tenderly wrought, well-acted drama.
Like all the best sci-fi, it's about how we live now, rather than the future.	Movies about banality are, for reasons that are all too clear, often banal themselves.	Dreamily photographed, oddly muted...	Depressing, but beautifully crafted.	Hamstrung by a serious bummer of a premise that suffocates the production and leaves it too wrapped up in its self-perceived grand, conceptual significance.	With Never Let Me Go, Mark Romanek has delivered a graceful adaptation that captures the spirit of the Ishiguro novel -- which will be precisely the problem for some viewers.
Another staggeringly strong performance by Javier Bardem.	A cannily observant but withholding film in which nothing happens, over and again.	Perhaps too toothless for its subject.	Thoughtful and well-acted, but a little flat in the story department.	Bardem gives what might have been too slow and plodding a movie its heart and its humor.	Javier Bardem gives an outstanding performance in this hought-provoking (though occasionally plodding) movie about the effects of unemployment on a group of former shipyard workers.
There's not much meat at this banquet, only sweets.	Coppola brilliantly conjures the young queen's insular world, in which she was both isolated and claustrophobically scrutinized. While not celebrating Marie Antoinette's reign, Coppola clearly sympathizes with a girl who was less heedless than naive.	The illustrious juxtapositions of gorgeous settings and costumes, unexpected casting and a beguiling congruence of sensibilities are the strengths of Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette, despite the royal cake ending up as misfire and cooked too long at the	A sort of John Hughes movie, "The Breakfast Club Part 2: A Semester at Versailles."	The film looks and sounds absolutely splendid, but the story ultimately drags somewhat...	Lavish imagery and a daring soundtrack set this film apart from most period dramas; in fact, style complete takes precedence over plot and character development in Coppola's vision of the doomed queen.
Simmons is always good. Here, he is great. His brilliant performance is, if not the single best of the year, certainly among them.	An intense, emotionally-charged and captivating triumph brimming with powerhouse performances by Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons. They both deserve an Oscar nomination.	It eventually subverts expectations in its final third to become truly special.	Few relationships in recent cinema have been quite so compelling. Bring a welder's mask to ward off sparks.	As an ode to jazz, to the single-minded pursuit of greatness, and to the agony and exultation of jamming to one's inner drummer, Whiplash hardly misses a beat.	Intense, inspiring, and well-acted, Whiplash is a brilliant sophomore effort from director Damien Chazelle and a riveting vehicle for stars J.K. Simmons and Miles Teller.
Anyone knows we all come here just to see the girl kick serious behind. At least she does just that, and after a while Chocolate mainly and plainly feels like the exhibition that it is.	Enjoyable thriller.	A less tasty martial-arts actioner featuring an autistic kickboxing queen energized by confectionery.	Unfortunately, the martial arts action is only half the movie - the rest is badly acted and gory.	Even if it doesn't make much sense, tugs shamelessly at the heartstrings, and features a heavy with Jennifer Aniston hair, the feature sparks in just the right way, making for a fist-clenching, mouth-agape sit.	Chocolate is a bizarre martial arts flick, with a slushy plot, an unusual protagonist, and breathtaking stunts.
Stupidest and most overhyped piece of garbage since "Little Miss Sunshine"	Apatow's marriage of guyville and girlworld is not one made in heaven -- he's too pragmatic to observe the rom-com conventions. What's potent about Knocked Up is its down-to-earthiness.	More than just laugh-out-loud funny. It's the relationship comedy of the summer and likely the best boy-meets-girl movie of the year.	Apatow's dialogue is so good, the undercurrent of his story so inherently sweet, and the performances so engaging, that you surrender immediately.	Apatow knows growing up is a rough patch of grass but he wants to understand it. Such lofty ambitions seem to have been largely banished from romantic comedies, but here, it gives Knocked Up an honest timelessness.	Knocked Up is a hilarious, poignant and refreshing look at the rigors of courtship and child-rearing, with a sometimes raunchy, yet savvy script that is ably acted and directed.
It's a shocking story, fraught with strained emotions and fear.	About a search and not a discovery; about the value of an individual life and the reality of multitudes.	The best thing about it is the very thing that's most potentially maddening to moviegoers. Movies and TV offer US a steady diet of reductive emotional sensationalism but this one, like its protagonist, keeps a cool head even in horrific situations.	This docudrama manages to be gripping even though the outcome is no mystery.	What's interesting about A Mighty Heart is not the political arena, but the individual human beings inside it.	Angelina Jolie conveys the full emotional range of a woman in a desperate situation in A Mighty Heart, an urgent yet tactful film about a difficult subject.
A raw, startlingly honest central performance from Gyllenhaal.	Watching Maggie Gyllenhaal's bare body and battered soul in Laurie Collyer's quietly extraordinary Sherrybaby, you almost get a sense that the actress knows the load that was her star-making turn in Secretary ...	Gyllenhaal shines in gritty, haunting drug drama.	Like Vera Farmiga in DOWN TO THE BONE, Gyllenhaal creates a full-bodied portrait of a woman struggling with addictions. And like Felicity Huffman in TRANSAMERICA, Gyllenhaal elevates a flawed motion picture to a higher level.	A bittersweet tale of human failings and redemption which ought to establish Gyllenhaal as one of the best actresses around.	Maggie Gyllenhaal delivers riveting performance as a recovering drug addict in a depressing and not entirely believable movie.
An obvious attempt to mix the high-drama of The Wrath of Khan with the mainstream appeal (read: box office) of Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and for the most part it succeeds.	Boring, dark, gooey, with plenty of earnest, furrowed brows all around.	Not only is it talky, but the talk is repetitious, incoherent, and spoken in a soft whisper, as if the actors feared disturbing the audience in its restful slumbers.	Instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once?	It's not the groundbreaking movie it needed to be to infuse the series with renewed life.	Nemesis has an interesting premise and some good action scenes, but the whole affair feels a bit tired.
Lacks the wit, satirical edge or inventiveness of Shrek, and eventually the sight of animals talking grows a bit stale.	Do little says it all.	Get out the super-dooper- pooper-scooper -- this movie's a real dog.	Without question, Dolittle 2 does entertain, but it just doesn't have enough heart and hardiness to let slide its deficiencies.	The talking animals, a seamless combination of special effects and puppets, delighted the young audience at a preview I attended. Even the adults seemed to be having a good time with Dr. Dolittle 2.	Although there are laughs to be had in Dr. Dolittle 2, its preoccupation with toilet humor and Murphy's restrained performance makes this a missed opportunity.
Slowed down to a nightmare crawl, it's one of its director's most bizarre, resonant and fascinating films.	There's a grey, plodding quality to the film which sidesteps oppressive, doom-laden inevitability and goes straight to slightly dull.	To be honest, Kinski would scare me if I met him on the street!	To say of someone that they were born to play a vampire is a strange compliment, but if you will compare the two versions of Nosferatu you might agree with me that only Kinski could have equaled or rivaled Max Schreck's performance.	The acting is too eccentric and the narrative drive too weak to satisfy fans of the genre, but Herzog's admirers will find much in the film's animistic landscapes and clusters of visionary imagery.	Stunning visuals from Werner Herzog and an intense portrayal of the famed bloodsucker from Klaus Kinski make this remake of Nosferatu a horror classic in its own right.
If you're really in the market for seasonal inspiration, The Cooler could be your best bet.	Mamet-Lite (R).	This picture is rescued from cliche by the quality of the acting, and Mr. Kramer wisely gives the actors room to work.	It's pretty winning for a long way, reminding us that everything in life is a kind of gamble, and if you don't play, you'll never win.	Small-scale moviemaking about small-scale lives. But it's big in all the right ways.	A small movie elevated by superb performances.
Judge's mirth translates surprisingly well to an 80-minute length, and he exploits the movies' greater scope without sacrificing the show's cheesy charm.	Nothing much about Mike Judge's creation has changed.	Whatever your I.Q., it's really one of the more enjoyable animated films since Snow White.	More entertaining than I had expected.	Much better than I expected.	Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is unabashedly offensive, unapologetically stupid, and unexpectedly funny.
Dull and disappointing!	The film starts strong presenting a captivating scenario, then somewhere in the second half dips into a sappy romance.	This is a film about deeply confused people that seems likely to put viewers in a state of deep confusion for most of its running time.	I haven't seen a film in the last 20 years that has such bad lighting and poor choice of film stock.	As compelling as a knock-knock joke!	Bad script and confusing plot undermine the movie's impressive visuals.
The information here isn't necessarily new, but it is packaged in an acid-tongued way along with powerhouse visuals that drive home the filmmaker's nakedly political views.	Undeniably galvanizing, immensely watchable and damned good filmmaking.	Everything you've heard: sad and funny, revealing and compelling, entertaining, devastating.	An important documentary and a spellbinding entertainment. Laugh-aloud funny, razor sharp, informative, humane, enraging, and powerful, oftentimes all of the above at once.	...the sort of vitriolic exercise in paranoia that would ordinarily land its creator in therapy.	Extremely one-sided in its indictment of the Bush administration, but worth watching for the humor and the debates it'll stir.
The movie seems content to operate without a soul.	They've got the right spirit but they're not sure of the words.	The film deserves to become a holiday perennial.	Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas is one overstuffed movie, but it's by no means a turkey.	In adding material, The Grinch loses much of its rhythm and the heart within it shrinks three sizes right along with it.	Jim Carrey shines as the Grinch. Unfortunately, it's not enough to save this movie. You'd be better off watching the TV cartoon.
'Put Kevin Costner in it and you've got a sporty Stand and Deliver. The script writes itself.'	Scrappy and stirring, it's a feel-good, underdog sports story.	You've seen feel-good football and baseball movies, plus great underdog stories of boxing, basketball, soccer and cycling. So what's left?	Where the picture excels is as a straightforward sports drama, and Caro delivers the satisfactions of the genre with unfussy verve.	The first great film of 2015. Kevin Costner knows his way around this kind of story and is wonderful. Inspiring.	Disney's inspirational sports drama formula might be old hat, but McFarland, USA proves it still works -- especially with a talented director and eminently likable star in the mix.
The themes of oppression and greed are tied even more relevantly in 'Land of the Dead' than any of its predecessors.	All of Romero's experimentation comes to fruition in Land, which proves he has not exhausted zombies.	Fellow critics, just because a film purports political views doesn't make them any less non-sensical.	There's a sense that Romero has run out of ideas and is recycling.	Land of the Dead is worth the wait, and dispels any fanboy concerns that the director was gone because he lost his mojo.	George A. Romero's latest entry in his much-vaunted Dead series is not as fresh as his genre-inventing original, Night of the Living Dead. But Land of the Dead does deliver on the gore and zombies-feasting-on-flesh action.
They've gone back to the well only to discover that most of the good stuff was used up the first time around.	Sure, it's blissfully energetic, but it's also exhaustingly idiotic.	Preposterous!	All action, all the time, with no pauses to catch your breath, or, more significantly, to figure out what's going on.	An embarrassment of giggles.	A stylish and more focused sequel to The Transporter, the movie is over-the-top fun for fans of the first movie.
plays as a series of colorful, but uneven setpieces that lack an interesting or emotionally engaging heroine to tie them together	It might not come close to a 5-star Disney Classic, but the breezy animation and colorful characters salvage an annoyingly fractured narrative.	Even as straightforward eye candy, the film is a near miss	Disney's frantic take on Lewis Carroll may lack much of the book's illogical charm, but it does contain one of the great proto-psychedelic sequences in cinema.	An enjoyable if rather pallid rendering of Carroll's classic tale.	A good introduction to Lewis Carroll's classic, Alice in Wonderland boasts some of the Disney canon's most surreal and twisted images.
Well-filmed, well-acted and certainly riveting, American Psycho nonetheless is a movie without heart about a man without heart.	Are you, more or less, setting yourself up for disappointment if you go to see a film adaptation of one of the most powerfully written novels you can recall reading?	The movie is not comedy, but it is joyously mean and evil, somewhat in the tone of Blue Velvet.	The problem, again, is the book, an insurmountable obstacle. If Harron and Turner had set out to make a real movie on these themes, they would never have started from a script like this.	A savagely funny feminist take on just how dangerous stupid men can be.	If it falls short of the deadly satire of Bret Easton Ellis's novel, American Psycho still finds its own blend of horror and humor, thanks in part to a fittingly creepy performance by Christian Bale.
A beautifully mounted essay in gangland nostalgia.	The film presents its main characters in an overall simplified manner, where a character's personal dilemmas and inner conflicts are represented by plot much more so than by character.	What makes the movie pay off is moving pictures of real action and of intimate scenes between man and boy that are all the more moving for being understated.	Powerful, beautiful film; ok for mature teens.	Never has a film captured the Biblical implications of the father-son relationship so well. Road to Perdition is beatiful on every level.	Somber, stately, and beautifully mounted, Sam Mendes' Road to Perdition is a well-crafted mob movie that explores the ties between fathers and sons.
Swank, an Oscar winner for "Boys Don't Cry" and "Million Dollar Baby," is outstanding, getting to the essence of Mary Bee's pride and pain. And in the showier role, Jones impressively peels away layers of rambunctiousness to reveal George's humanity.	A studied and thoughtful examination of the unfair pressures faced by women on the frontier that also reconsiders the ways they've been classically portrayed in the Western.	Glendon Swarthout's 1988 novel offered a rare approach to ... Old West stories by shifting the focus to the women and children who often bore its brunt the worst, and Jones has - for the most part - successfully captured this ...	The melancholic balance isn't always quite right and the momentum wanes when it should be gaining.	In the pile-up of melodramatics that clutters his movie, it's hard to tell for sure what Jones is trying to say.	A squarely traditional yet somewhat progressive Western, The Homesman adds another absorbing entry to Tommy Lee Jones' directorial résumé.
I had a painless enough time. And so -- given a quiet Saturday, a stifling heat wave and a fretful kindergartener to contend with -- might you.	...rather dull and uninspired, lacking in imagination or humorous spark.	It's a harmless bore.	I have an idea for the sequel: Underdog Vs. Michael Vick.	A live-action version of the 1960s-70s cartoon "Underdog" seemed a really bad idea, but it turns out it was merely a bad idea.	Underdog is a mostly forgettable adaptation that relies far too heavily on recycled material and sloppy production.
Halloween H2O is merely just another cliched entry into the overstuffed trunk of slasher films.	Halloween H20 is yet another sequel that cannot match up to the glories of its precursor and, in fact, is considerably less hair-raising than recent horror films like Scream, Scream 2, and even Mimic.	Stillborn and not even remotely scary, this update of the Halloween series (which rewrites the series as if the third through sixth films never happened) is just another excuse to make some bucks with Curtis screaming her head off. Zzzzzzz.	I imagined Miss Leigh telling her friends, 'They wanted me to do a cameo in the remake of Psycho, but I said, hell, I'd do Halloween: H20 before I'd lower myself to that.'	What's worse than releasing a movie about Halloween in the summer? How about a video about Halloween at Christmas? Or, subtitling a movie that has nothing to do with water H2O?	Halloween: H2O is the best of the many sequels, yet still pales in comparison to the original Halloween.
Annoying film version of the play, which was annoying enough.	Randal Kleiser's 1978 musical, set in the Fifties, has some horrible acting but the kind of exuberance that has made it a cult classic.	It's worth the price of admission just to see John Travolta swing his hips in the carnival Shake Shack.	Its flashy opportunism (nostalgia pitched squarely at an audience too young to even recall the era) quickly becomes very irritating.	What makes it work is its youthful vitality, the tremendous energy and imagination expended on its virtually wall-to-wall song and dance number.	Grease is a pleasing, energetic musical with infectiously catchy songs and an ode to young love that never gets old.
Parents teach their children to stay away from crass morons like Sonny Koufax.	This lightweight, bubblegum caper synthesises robust, physical humour, self-deprecation and witty one liners. The main problem, as with most other dumb boy pictures, is that the supporting characters are underwritten.	Adam Sandler's latest comedy is sure to be a big, sentimental hit with his extensive fan club but not so prized by more mature film lovers.	Adam Sandler has gone soft and it just doesn't work.	There are tearful moments of orphan anxiety, with swelling score peaks you'd swear belong to the Julia Roberts movie playing next door.	Adam Sandler acquits himself admirably, but his charm isn't enough to make up for Big Daddy's jarring shifts between crude humor and mawkish sentimentality.
While apt at times, often it seems overwrought and muddled.	A film about relationships and growing older that's funny and smart.	I watched this film three times in two days and dug it more each time.	Portman was memorable as the little girl in The Professional, but her work here throws off an eeriness in its revelation of such huge talent in one so young.	Women may be unimpressed, but men will squirm with recognition.	A warm, thoughtful dramedy about male insecurity, Beautiful Girls is buoyed by an excellent cast - particularly Natalie Portman in a stunning early role.
You'd think with this set up that Annie's experience would be complex and sustained in We Are Marshall, but no. This is a men's story.	We can accept football as a metaphor for picking yourself up and dusting yourself off and finding the courage to get on with life, but only if we've come to care about the people playing the game.	An entirely serviceable night out for buddies looking to locate hidden feelings.	McConaughey's performance is oddly comic but actually serves to counter more traditional interpretations of a stoic coach leading his charges.	Too bad the film doesn't sustain the mix of sorrow and hope the story requires.	Matthew McConaughey almost runs We Are Marshall to the end zone, but can't stop it from taking the easy, feel-good route in memorializing this historic event in American sports.
This year's model, lacking any meaningful context of its own, is reactionary, conservative - existing purely as a slick commercial venture, more grisly grist to the multiplex mill.	If you want good revenge read some Shakespeare, if you want blood see a slasher, if you want to waste two hours then visit the last house on the left.	First-time director Dennis Iliadis spices up the visual style with unusual camera and cutting choices that liven the tempo beyond typical horror-movie cliché. Time will tell whether or not this Last House launches his career.	Not only is it plodding and completely predictable, the carnage is rendered slowly and quasi-reverentially, making the whole brutal experience come off like torture porn.	The cast bring a level of reality to this that's surprisingly impressive.	Excessive and gory, this remake lacks the intellectual punch of the 1972 original.
This time, Jesus rather than Burt Reynolds or The Rock gets the credit for leading an underdog team of football players to victory.	Here's a badly acted movie with a terrific story line that makes it well worth seeing.	Earnest but amateurish.	Fitfully entertaining… To reach a broader audience, though, the filmmakers will have to scrap their playbook and learn a whole new set of rules.	By preaching to the converted so heavy-handedly, the filmmakers fumble an opportunity to reach beyond their target demo of devout churchgoers.	The tropes of both football and evangelical movies are gracelessly on parade in this banal, insipid drama.
Nicolas Winding Refn's atmosperic direction, Gosling's sheer presence and a soundtrack that's perfection make Drive a fantastic film.	A hypnotic and mesmerizing mash-up of Friedkin, Mann and Lynch. In case there were any remaining doubts, after having danced around and avoided it for several years, Ryan Gosling is now taking the bullet train to stardom.	It's understandable that the hipster critical mob would put its stamp of approval on this one.	A thin plot is outweighed by a masterful visual style, a dream cast and some truly great cinematic moments.	An artsy, self-conscious, existentialist stillness reigns - or, more accurately, tedium. Hyper-stylish, it idles in, then stalls out.	With its hyper-stylized blend of violence, music, and striking imagery, Drive represents a fully realized vision of arthouse action.
It's a good sign that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone feels rushed at two-and-a-half hours. I would easily have sat twice as long.	Hogwarts and all, it's difficult to not fall under Harry Potter's spell.	Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is grand, joyous, beguiling entertainment.	The movie needs to be stronger dramatically, with a much more appealing central performance, to be the great family-oriented screen fantasy so many wanted.	So reverentially faithful to the first book that however you feel about the book is a pretty reliable indicator of how you'll feel about the movie.	Being so faithful to the book is both the movie's strength and weakness. The movie unfolds exactly as written in the book, so there is little room for surprises or discoveries. For Potter fans, what more can you ask for?
It's a long, confusing ride, but that was the nature of the case. That's what made the film seem so real.	The stars align in David Fincher's chillingly effective hybrid thriller.	Any honest neurotic could probably tell you: the emotional payoff of an obsession is not attaining some longed-for goal -- it's the obsession itself, which fulfills certain needs.	Zodiac's exhaustive attention to minute facts and theories forms a parallel not only with Graysmith and Toschi's fanatical need to nab the killer but also the director's own perfectionist filmmaking methods.	It's a movie that, like the case it is based on, builds your interest and retains it with its immaculate attention to detail.	A quiet, dialogue-driven thriller that delivers with scene after scene of gut-wrenching anxiety. David Fincher also spends more time illustrating nuances of his characters and recreating the mood of the 70s than he does on gory details of murder.
I can't say Life of Brian stands as a comic masterpiece, but it's an indelible part of impolite cinema history, and some of its asides remain priceless.	This 1979 comedy remains one of the group's enduring efforts.	The best Monty Python film.	An icon of irreverent comic brilliance.	It looked back 2000 years for its comic content, but was a decade ahead in provoking Christian controversy. Yet how much hotter would the steaming Pilate of blasphemy-accusations have got if the Pythons had included their scripted mockeries of Zionism?	One of the more cutting=edge films of the 1970s, this religious farce from the classic comedy troupe is as poignant as it is funny and satirical.
The Punk Singer (and the formation of the Julie Ruin) offers a welcome return to, if not the fray, then certainly the front - where, as every rebel girl worth her combat boots knows, girls belong.	[VIDEO COLUMN] As moving a documentary as you are likely to see in your lifetime Sini Anderson's filmic telling of Kathleen Hanna's story as the voice of Olympia, Washington's groundbreaking punk band Bikini Kill, really packs a punch.	Extensive interviews with Hanna then and now are included, along with band mates, friends, mentors and several different critics and journalists.	[An] affectionate, bordering on hagiographic, film.	Initially held together by grainy VHS footage and cuttings from old fanzines, the film is gifted with a protagonist of endless brio and a cultural backdrop just distant enough to feel forgotten.	It verges on hagiography, but given the deeply compelling nature of its subject's story, The Punk Singer can be forgiven its lack of objectivity.
As was the case with the inept 2005 original, the sequel is a shallow, shoddy, slap-dash mess of ideas and performances.	None of these allegedly "fantastic" heroes has any gravitas… Far from inspiring admiration, they don't rise even to the level of thinking, acting and relating like grown-ups.	Maybe it has something to do with seriously diminished expectations, but Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is an improvement of sorts over the lifeless 2005 edition.	The worst part? The door is left wide open for part three.	If you liked the first Fantastic Four film, you'll probably enjoy the sequel even more.	While an improvement on its predecessor, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is nevertheless a juvenile, simplistic picture that has little benefit beyond its special effects.
The dogs are able to emote way more than (Paul) Walker can.	As magnificent as the setting is, the dogs are more so.	an engrossing, even suspenseful adventure, along the lines of old-school Disney films like 'The Incredible Journey.'	Eight Below is engrossing and inspiring, with an undeniable appeal, especially for animal lovers.	A paint-by-numbers family adventure, nothing less, nothing more.	Featuring a stellar cast of marooned mutts, who deftly display emotion, tenderness, loyalty and resolve, Eight Below is a heartwarming and exhilarating adventure film.
Has a cracking pace, lively characters bloated with Boston bile, and a sense of neighborhood imprisonment, shaping an encrusted reality to balance out the Cinderella story.	Takes on a whole different level of realism with Bale, pathetically gaunt yet heroically charismatic, nailing Dicky's double edged nature.	Count me in as a lover of THE FIGHTER.	Bale is astounding as a strangely charismatic weasel, giving probably the best performance of his career.	Because we aren't deeply invested in Micky, we don't care as much as we should, and the film ends on a note that should be triumph but feels more like simple conclusion.	Led by a trio of captivating performances from Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, and Amy Adams, The Fighter is a solidly entertaining, albeit predictable, entry in the boxing drama genre.
Intelligent and beautiful, a fascinating journey through the social landscape that shaped the political consciousness of one of history's most romantic figures.	A feast of character and incident that completely serves its propagandistic image-making context while keeping us, at least 2/3 of the time, contained within the adventure.	About the personal transformations, the modes of empathy that precede ideology.	It may not please those who know Che as more than the proud, scruffy face in the Red beret that decorates a million T-shirts, but taken as a picaresque road movie, it works...	Has a huge heart.	The Motorcycle Diaries is heartfelt and profound in its rendering of the formative experiences that turn Ernesto "Che" Guerva into a famous revolutionary.
Works effectively as a comprehensive biopic and as a cautionary tale, with wider applications, about the dangers of going too far too fast.	A near-perfect time capsule of a specific moment in our culture, and a telling analysis of instant celebrity and the fickleness of youth culture.	The calculus of a craze's honest genesis, heady peak, exploitation, and burnout is so familiar by now as to be numbing, but Stoked makes it fresh because it has the primary sources at hand.	A vertical, high-flying rush of a movie.	Gator's gradual transition from smirking punk to neon-clad cheeseball is vividly told by his former friends and contemporaries.	The harder they come, the harder they fall -- this film shows, in raw, gripping detail, that even skater dudes can't resist the life of the rich and famous. It's more poignant than hard-core, and gives us a portrait of a life run over by the whims of the entertainment industry.
Young children will adore this sweet white mouse, although older kids and impish adults may miss the edginess of "Lilo & Stitch."	The seamless blend of computer-animated creatures with real people will keep you happily in la-la land during this film's short running time.	No question, your kids will like Stuart Little 2. You probably will, too.	If your kids loved the first movie then this one is a slam-dunk guaranteed good time for them.	In every department, the new movie is a blander affair [than the first].	Stuart Little 2 is a sweet, visually impressive sequel that provides wholesome entertainment for kids.
[A] film full of simple scenes brimming with unspoken complications.	Kraditor's vacillating affections make up what could have been a frustratingly underpowered drama but for Gray's subtle, intelligent direction and Phoenix's raw performance.	For all its oddity, and despite falling short of full-on David Lynch-style weirdness, it has a sweetness and warmth that makes it worth the effort.	Those with patience will be rewarded. It's not exactly a new story, but the film is done pretty well and is done with honesty.	However moody, Two Lovers didn't strike me as a downer, for the simple reason that it wells with sights and sounds that are guaranteed to lift, not sink, the spirits.	Two Lovers is a complex, intriguing, richly-acted romantic drama
A film that I adore and worship with religious fervor, one of the small handful of movies that I have never been able to exhaust.	... impressionante a fluidez com que as diversas narrativas se movem e se cruzam, mas ainda mais admirável é perceber a complexidade e a eficięncia com que a câmera de Renoir percorre a história.	The film was withdrawn, recut, and eventually banned by the occupying forces for its "demoralizing" effects. It was not shown again in its complete form until 1965, when it became clear that here, perhaps, was the greatest film ever made.	A gorgeous, gracefully astute critique of pre-WWII French aristocracy.	[The film] is a comedy, a tragedy, a portrait of class manners, a love story of touching caprice (who will Nora Grégor's Christine fall for? Whoever woos her at the right moment), and far and away the cinema's greatest midsummer night's dream.	Its genius escaped many viewers at the time, but in retrospect, The Rules of the Game stands as one of Jean Renoir's -- and cinema's -- finest works.
The American ditches both action and thrills for moody introspection and glacial pacing, rounded off with pretentious existential posturing.	Meet Jack, James Bond's boring big screen cousin. Jack wears Eddie Bauer fleeces, has a pay phone instead of high-tech gadgets, and actually has to pay for sex. He makes assassin work look more boring than an H&R Block gig on April 16.	The American is like a paperweight sitting on your head for two hours.	Those small pieces may seem slight, but they add up to a satisfying whole.	I can't say that I was bored in The American, nor that the film is a waste of time. It was interesting enough, and it kept my attention.	As beautifully shot as it is emotionally restrained, The American is an unusually divisive spy thriller -- and one that rests on an unusually subdued performance from George Clooney.
This sequel to the 1990 picture contains some funny scenes and witty one-liners.	Though this sequel probably has more creative energy than its predecessor, the constant stream of one-liners and sight gags is very much hit or miss.	A far funnier movie than the original	There are some good laughs in this nice adaptation of the original cartoon.	The good news is that the one-liners are much funnier than the first time, mainly thanks to the increased input of screenwriter Paul Rudnick.	New, well-developed characters add dimension to this batty satire, creating a comedy much more substantial than the original.
This is a picture that devotees of the American theatre will cherish.	Old-timers, showbiz buffs and big-stage wanna-bes will not be disappointed.	[The subjects] eagerly unwind before McKay's one-man camera, reminiscing about everything from their finest hours to the days when ticket prices still ran in single digits.	Broadway buffs everywhere are sure to applaud.	If you love the theater, you've got to see the film and simply enjoy as everyone from A (Edie Adams) to Z (Karen Ziemba) holds forth.	Broadway: The Golden Age is a breezy, affectionate tribute to a sparkling array of the era's best and brightest.
Noah Baumbach stumbles in his first film since the intriguing The Squid and the Whale. The performances are outlandish and the story is all over the place.	Although the film's theme holds great potential, 'Margot at the Wedding' falters considerably in its presentation.	When it comes to emotional violence, Margot at the Wedding is hard to beat.	Magnetic, subtly tragic and ultimatley sympathetic, worth a watch if only to remind yourself why you don't go home for Christmas anymore.	Because the nastiness is all surface, it makes the characters seem unlikable.	Despite a great cast, the characters in Margot at the Wedding are too unlikable to enthrall viewers.
In the hands of Hollywood, this might have been sensationalistic... But Egoyan finds in Banks' book a fable, a story about the journey from shock to grief to renewal...	Una obra exquisita.	The Sweet Hereafter is a riveting film	The naked emotion of tragedy weighs on every frame...	Molds the past, present, and future into a tapestry of the cyclical nature of human suffering.	Director Atom Egoyan examines tragedy and its aftermath with intelligence and empathy.
The King's Speech is a warm, wise film -- the best period movie of the year and one of the year's best movies, period.	If the British monarchy is good for nothing else, it's superb at producing the subjects of films.	Movies love odd couples, and The King's Speech offers up a regal one in the voiceless monarch and his insistent teacher and confidant, Lionel, who wins a place in the abject Bertie's heart that few in his family are seen to have done.	Lots of people will consider The King's Speech the best movie of the year; for me it's simply one of the best-made movies of the year.	It's refreshing to see a historical drama avoid grand gestures and sweeping melodrama in favor of smaller more intimate stories.	Colin Firth gives a masterful performance in The King's Speech, a predictable but stylishly produced and rousing period drama.
A film to embody the Eighties, and justify them	Special effects don't mean much unless we care about the characters who are surrounded by them, and in this movie the characters often seem to exist only to fill up the foregrounds.	A 'B'-movie-style Western meets Eastern, a supernatural 'chopsocky' fantasy with leading man Kurt Russell doing a feature-length impression of a dead movie star. Put that in your pipe and smoke it. [Blu-ray]	The film is probably best characterized by a comment from a review quoted in the DVD commentary by Kurt Russell: 'Absolutely fabulous and terminally hip.'	A wholly enjoyable mixture of action, comedy, romance, and horror.	Brimming with energy and packed with humor, Big Trouble in Little China distills kung fu B-movies as affectionately as it subverts them.
The film isn't a heavy reinforcement of shame, but a composed celebration of creativity, brought to life through the soap opera of toys, offering Mark the hero status he's always dreamed for himself.	By allowing his emerging post-trauma experience into his pretend kingdom, the man is reconstituting his self-consciousness, reclaiming the dignity of his whole mind, recovering his soul.	A painfully intimate, mysterious, joyous film.	May be aesthetically rough around the edges but it nonetheless offers an empathetic view on a stunningly unique figure.	The beauty of "Marwencol" is that, by the time it's over, wanting to live in a doll village doesn't sound so weird because we understand exactly where Hogancamp is coming from.	Inspiring and fascinating, Marwencol depicts its subject with heartfelt tenderness, raising poignant questions about art and personal tragedy along the way.
Sihame Haddad breaks your heart as Rose, juggling perhaps her last shot at romance.	It's one of the best films about women you're likely to see this year.	As sugary as it may be, Caramel has a likeable edge to it, both in the natural performances of the mostly non-professional cast and the script's sardonic bluntness about social hypocrisies and the women's self-deception.	Although the film isn't chatty and people are just a little too soap opera-ish photogenic, the film is often understated enough to charm. Small, tender scenes and little details make Caramel a nice, light passing fancy.	As tart, and tantalizing, as that little pot of caramel already bubbling on the stove, just waiting to bring delight -- or quick stabbing pain.	Caramel is both an astute cultural study, and a charming comedic drama from a talented newcomer.
The answers do eventually arrive but the overall price is so high that it hardly seems worth it in the end.	Von Ancken at times brings his debut very close to something grand and memorable.	Finally recalls a less convincing version of those of Anthony Mann which managed realism and the mythic without a false note.	It works as a revenge/chase movie, but when things get wacky towards the end the movie almost loses its way.	Seraphim isn't totally satisfying, even if you're prepared for an arty Western.	A brutal, slow-moving drama that unfolds among some great-looking scenery.
The structure doesn't work and the various directorial flourishes can't disguise the fact that nothing really happens, plot-wise.	Tepid.	Any working mother is bound to see herself in this. Provided she is also a fictional character on a sitcom, that is.	How does she do it? Simple. She doesn't. And neither does this movie.	The main problem is that this Boston-set flick quite unselfconsciously presents itself as if it were a pop-culture first to express ideas about the working-mom balancing act.	A limp comedy with a hopelessly outdated viewpoint on gender, featuring Sarah Jessica Parker in rote Carrie-mode.
The film feels authentic, the characters are true, the situation hopeless	Scorsese is exceptionally good at guiding his largely unknown cast to near-flawless recreations of types. Outstanding in this regard is De Niro.	The Godfather made the mob glamorous. Mean Streets made it real. Martin Scorsese's ferocious, grimy 1973 classic is just as good as Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece, but it shows us criminal life lower down the food chain.	A tight, intense masterpiece from Scorsese, writing collaborator Mardik Martin and the iconic stars.	Authentic in feel and immensely personal in subject matter, Mean Streets marked the arrival of one Martin Scorsese and his unique brand of urban filmmaking.	Mean Streets is a powerful tale of urban sin and guilt that marks Scorsese's arrival as an important cinematic voice and features electrifying performances from Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro.
This cool, tense Austrian thriller follows a Ukrainian hooker and her petty criminal boyfriend as they try to escape their dead-end lives.	The film exerts a steady grip without charging head-first into thriller territory: there's a cool, cosmic irony to the way fate wheels around.	Gotz Speilmann's film is well-made, aptly characterised and seems frighteningly true to life.	Spielmann sets a tone of weary desperation and rarely strays from it. Not a happy film, but a gripping one.	It has a distinctive sort of Euro-hardcore sheen, mainly due to the superbly lucid, diamond-hard cinematography from Martin Gschlacht.	With Revanche, Götz Spielmann has crafted a debut as surprising as it is suspenseful.
This patient, beautiful, painful, engrossing film pits husband and wife against each other and their world in a series of extended conversations/confrontations.	Despite Mr. Bilginer's dug-in performance and the haunting grandeur of Aydin's world, this is finally a character too small to see.	It demands patience and attentiveness, but...reveals a great deal about the reality of the human condition through its probing characterization and pungent dialogue.	Ceylan's usual cinematographer, Gokhan Tiryaki, fixes on landscape in interiors as well as exteriors: he and Ceylan are patient poets of the human face.	[Haluk] Bilginer's [performance] alternates between brooding melancholy and sharp-tongued contemptuousness, failing to reach the tragic dimensions which the writers intended.	Epic in length, thrilling to behold, and utterly absorbing, Winter Sleep demands -- and rewards -- viewers' patient attention.
A truly stellar directorial debut by Ben Affleck.	A riveting mystery/thriller ... absorbing and carefully constructed.	There's nothing flashy about Ben Affleck's direction. He clearly adores actors, and he's found the right vehicle to express what they can do.	Gone Baby Gone is a sterling thriller, the kind of raw cinematic power that you tell your friends about as if you've just been put through the spin cycle.	Moral ambiguity is the real star of Ben Affleck's helming debut, Gone Baby Gone, an involving Boston-set tale of mixed motives, selflessness and perfidy in the wake of a 4-year-old girl's disappearance.	Ben Affleck proves his directing credentials in this gripping dramatic thriller, drawing strong performances from the excellent cast and bringing working-class Boston to the screen.
Bong retains a tenderness for his creations that belies his pessimistic view of human nature.	Do we laugh or do we cry? In Bong Joo-ho films, the two reactions need not be mutually exclusive.	Bong dredges up dread from the mousy determination of Hye-ja's Miss Marple-like detective work -- her meekness hides an astonishing fortitude...	A slippery, marvelously crafted drama that suggests the psychological thrillers of Hitchcock or Henri-Georges Clouzot transposed to present-day Korea.	By far the most memorable thing about Mother is Hye-ja's impassioned performance	As fleshy as it is funny, Bong Joon-Ho's Mother straddles family drama, horror and comedy with a deft grasp of tone and plenty of eerie visuals.
The Spy Next Door is immediately forgettable family entertainment, suitable for release only in the dung-heap month of January.	The results are always less than hilarious.	The script -- which took three people to write -- is barely coherent, and it's unclear whether Brian Levant was even on set when he directed. All that's left for us to enjoy are the action scenes, and frankly most of those are a little depressing.	the charm of Jackie Chan is a powerful thing...Survive the first half and you may just enjoy yourself.	The woeful screenplay, the mundane direction, by Brian Levant, and the indifferent acting all combine to sink a stupid plot which should never have got off the ground.	Lacking a script funny enough to cover up for Jackie Chan's fading physical gifts, The Spy Next Door fails on every conceivable level.
A documentary on baseball's Texas Rangers and their last-place season would have been more interesting.	Mediocre movies know no genres.	Hackneyed retread of ancient Western shtick.	Rangers aspires to be a classic Western but falls short, despite large doses of bravado and machismo, thunderous shoot 'em ups and stirring symphonic fanfare.	It won't win any prizes, but for fans of old-time Westerns, it may be a pleasant-enough diversion.	As far as westerns go, Texas Rangers is strictly mediocre stuff.
Playing an Old World charmer with clipped diction and a deliciously foul mouth, Fiennes, making his debut with Anderson's stock company, falls into lockstep with the filmmaker's unmistakable universe.	The film's shaggy-dog, sort-of-whodunit yarn offers laughs and energy that make this Anderson's most fun film since Rushmore.	Like the tool-stuffed pastries baked by the film's winsome young Agatha, 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' is an irresistible frosted confection with a steely, purposeful center.	What is remarkable is that instead of overcooking this film, the big names add value to a remarkably inventive and wholeheartedly fun, cinema-going experience.	With comic timing like this, Fiennes is wasted on Shakespeare.	Typically stylish but deceptively thoughtful, The Grand Budapest Hotel finds Wes Anderson once again using ornate visual environments to explore deeply emotional ideas.
Iconic film from the 1990s.	Thelma & Louise becomes more compelling as it rolls along.	In creating the characters Thelma and Louise for this hugely entertaining and controversial road movie, Oscar-winning scriptwriter Callie Khouri put women in the driving seat for the first time.	Ridley Scott does a pretty good job of showing how much cooler it is to be an outlaw than a waitress or a harried wife.	Feminist road movie is only for the very mature.	Simultaneously funny, heartbreaking, and peppered with action, Ridley Scott's Thelma & Louise is a potent, well-acted road movie that transcends the feminist message at its core.
Even if you care nothing about Lilo turning snarly gremlin Stitch into a surfin' huggie, you can still slack into a Don the Beachcomber drift.	The funniest character you are likely to see created in any film all year.	One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced.	This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable.	It is the sweetest Disney movie of its generation; but the lengthy beginning and somewhat shorter climax drag it down at the worst possible points.	Edgier than traditional Disney fare, Lilo and Stitch explores issues of family while providing a fun and charming story.
Untraceable has flaws, but this cat-and-mouse team is so hypnotic that all you do is sit there waiting while they deliver one big shock after another.	Untraceable lambastes us for being amoral voyeurs as it panders to our baser instincts at the same time.	Enjoyable thriller, enlivened by a decent script, impressive direction and strong performances from Diane Lane and Colin Hanks.	Talk about your pious frauds. I've got a better way to show your disgust for Internet scum: Don't see Untraceable.	This silly cyber-thriller dies a quick death, whether or not you log on.	Despite Diane Lane's earnest effort, Untraceable manages to be nothing more than a run-of-the-mill thriller with a hypocritical message.
A dubious mix of suspense and social melodrama.	Regrettably not that deep.	Surprisingly affecting film works because it is well written and marvellously performed	All in all, Frozen River is gripping stuff.	The chill of Frozen River is so unpleasantly relentless that it's likely to leave viewers dispirited, numb, and wondering what to make of it all.	Veteran character actress Melissa Leo delivers a stunning performance in this powerful -- if grim -- indie film.
[A] tournee of mediocre special effects.	Leave it to Tim Burton, with his affinity for the misunderstood monster, to be as sweet as he is funny, and not terribly scary, though that's part of his point...	The Movie with it all!	An excellent, twisted, funny film back when Burton didn't get in the way of his own filmmaking.	Very clever black comedy full of great characters and situations.	Brilliantly bizarre and overflowing with ideas, Beetlejuice offers some of Michael Keaton's most deliciously manic work - and creepy, funny fun for the whole family.
A movie so 'scary' it borders on being silly.	When it was originally released, I believed its detractors and avoided the film entirely. A bad move, which I have now corrected.	Whether or not you find the central story either credible or frightening, you will still feel considerable queasiness over the medical sequences in the picture.	Even better than it was in 1973.	In an era when many films compete to scare the hell out of you, The Exorcist remains one of the few able to successfully scare the hell into you, a feat which assuredly deserves another go-round.	The Exorcist has withstood the test of time, and it still has that renegade feel and the power to shock.
Even when the script overtaxes the allegory about how Vietnam divided a nation at home, Schumacher and the actors prevail by fixing their sights on what happens to men on that last stop before the game of war becomes a grim reality.	Beneath the rough vérité exterior beats the same slick, corny heart that has pumped blood (and money) through Mr. Schumacher's Batman and John Grisham pictures.	A worthy addition to the Vietnam War film genre.	One of the most potent explorations of the military mind-set, irrespective of the war in question, that you'll ever see. See it.	...never quite catches fire or becomes the searing expose that director Schumacher intended.	A great cast and the gritty feel of the film help elevate Tigerland above the familiarity of the subject matter.
Instead of leading with what Aguilera does best -- belting, vamping, spotlight hogging -- the movie shoehorns her into a rehashed backstage musical conceit.	This cast is forced to utter some of the most awful, cliched lines ever spoken on celluloid. I'd repeat some of them here, but I'm suffering from a sudden case of writer's block.	"Get your ass up, show me how you burlesque," growls one of this indulgent movie's indulgent musical numbers that swaggers with pearls, glitter and red lipstick - if not grammatical verb usage.	Rated a family-friendly PG-13, Burlesque never loses its s---, never gets erotically out of hand, never devolves into delicious camp.	Burlesque is unlikely to convert any new followers to either its stars or its subject matter.	Campy and clichéd, Burlesque wastes its talented cast (including a better-than-expected Christina Aguilera) on a movie that wavers uncertainly between "bad" and "so bad it's good."
Waterworld isn't Fishtar, but Kevin Costner's pricey, post-apocalyptic sloshbuckler isn't a seafaring classic either.	Regardless of faults, I embrace Waterworld as the pure matinee escapism it was intended to be, readily devouring the sci-fi excitement both Reynolds and Costner are happy to dish up.	There is the nagging feeling that much of the film's story, dialogue and character development were left on the cutting-room floor.	Nowhere close to as bad as its reputation	Fame swelled Costner's head.	Though it suffered from toxic buzz at the time of its release, Waterworld is ultimately an ambitious misfire: an extravagant sci-fi flick with some decent moments and a lot of silly ones.
Outrageously violent and crass with one scene too sexually suggestive for a PG-13-rated film, this adaptation of the DC Comic book by British author Andy Diggle directed by Sylvain White ("Stomp the Yard") is what your kiddies can see without your approva	The script is sharp and the action from multiple locations so gloriously over-the-top it doesn't matter whenever the special effects aren't up to much.	The film's vain attempts at being flashy and stylish is more loud than charming and never as clever as it acts.	There's plenty of action-packed sequences. But left in the cutting room was the substance needed to balance this film, which was just a hodgepodge of blah.	Seldom do you see a film title that doubles as a likely box office prediction. But that's precisely what we've got with The Losers.	The Losers is loud, fast, and unrelentingly violent -- but it's also funny and well-acted, which will make all the difference for some action fans.
Given the opportunity to work on a more personal drama, Frears delivers with his finest work in years.	Borrows, like most of the actors in the film (other than Hart), has no acting experience, but does a remarkable job.	At times deeply moving and at other times subversively funny.	[Frears] limits the film by filtering it through a child's consciousness.	As downbeat as some of Loach's movies are, they never sink to such overwrought, melodramatic depths or rely on as many unbelievable plot contrivances as does Liam.	Though Liam's harrowing story is reminiscent of Angela's Ashes, it showcases strong performances, including one by child actor Anthony Borrows.
It doesn't take itself too seriously and has a lot of fun with the characters.	It's a reminder that Disney can be pretty funny when it needs to be. It's in the 101 Dalmatians range: a lot of fun, and not requiring a spoonful of sugar to go down.	...only very small children will be able to label it anything more than a pleasant diversion.	The writing of co-directors Will Finn and John Sanford and their characterizations are embarrassingly bad for a straight-to-theater Disney movie.	It's all very competent, but rarely inspired.	Though Home on the Range is likeable and may keep young children diverted, it's one of Disney's more middling titles, with garish visuals and a dull plot.
One of the best comedies about body-switching, Big is charming and occasioally witty with a splendid, star-making performance by Tom Hanks.	Unspools with enjoyable genuineness and ingenuity.	The film succeeds largely because of the splendid performance of Tom Hanks -- who is irresistibly funny as "big" Josh.	Big star, big laughs, big heart - terrific movie.	Tom Hanks is marvellously child-like as Josh, all restless energy, innocence and real pleasure in the liberation that being grown-up allows him.	Refreshingly sweet and undeniably funny, Big is a showcase for Tom Hanks, who dives into his role and infuses it with charm and surprising poignancy.
It's fascinating to be so close to a then-sitting head of state as he negotiates for his homeland's survival, and the news that Nasheed was recently deposed in a coup by Gayoom loyalists makes the hard-won victories he did secure all the more poignant.	Shenk's tight storytelling makes for a gripping film that delivers the ugly, at times ennobling, truth.	The film emphasizes Mohamed Nasheed's recent stardom on the world stage, with the background note that he and others fought for 20 years to secure democracy in the Maldives.	The Island President is an important portrait of a determined man standing fast in a place where the ground is literally shifting beneath his feet.	The hope that infuses this movie makes it all the more upsetting to walk out of the theater and contemplate a looming disaster that the world's leaders seem unable to prevent.	An eye-opening and appealing documentary about an earnest politician up against the closed door drama of climate change.
The transporting power of this experience is in the passionate and almost outlandishly eloquent verbal expression Trumbo poured into his correspondence, and the vividly American principles he defends.	Trumbo is most focused when it lets the man and his peers testify directly.	What kind of international revolutionary whines about his family being made unwelcome among the tykes of the bourgeoisie?	Myth and piety are the film's guiding principles -- documenting truth isn't.	Peter Askin's stirring documentary Trumbo gives you reasons to cheer but also to weep.	Trumbo celebrates the life and work of blacklisted screenwriter Dalton Trumbo with measures of humor and sadness.
Fiction, but always with one foot firmly planted in a grim post-9/11 reality, the cast and crew got called terrorists by people passing by the set, and with a visit from the FBI to see if the film set was a coverup to conceal a terrorist plot in progress.	... the events of Bahrani's film unfold with the same, inexorable predictability -- nothing happens that you didn't anticipate from the outset -- but it's beautifully played by Bahrani's largely inexperienced cast.	Ramin Bahrani's striking debut tracks a Pakistani street-cart vendor with a mysterious past as he pushes his steel box through Manhattan.	Recalling Italian neorealist movies such as The Bicycle Thief, Man Push Cart is a slice of a very sad life.	... a film that is at once a delicate, moving drama and a vibrant city symphony, offering a predawn view of New York seldom captured on film.	This compassionate portrait of a New York City street vendor is as beautiful as it is melancholy.
Somers Town is a funny and endearing character comedy whose extra-brief, 70-minute running time proves perfectly adequate for its slender, episodic story.	Another beautifully crafted film, as well as a great London film, from the finest British director working today.	Meadows gives his film so much forward thrust it feels like a road movie as it follows the ramblings of his two young leads.	At its best a winning anecdote of adolescent male awkwardness adapting to the big city.	Turgoose continues to convince as a kid whose personality wavers daily if not hourly, while Jagiello playfully suggests that Marek is becoming the perfect straight man.	Shane Meadows hits the spot with this short but sweet slice of good natured comedy, surprisingly, as it's essentially an extended black & white advert for a train station.
It's not so much the minor flaws as it is the fact that Pirates of the Caribbean just wasn't enough fun for me.	A pirate movie made with a pirate's sensibility for filmmaking.	This movie is far too long.	Long title. Waaay too long a movie. Other than that, it's flawless entertainment.	Black eyeliner, gold teeth and all, Depp's one of the very few actors of his generation who could have pulled this off and not ended up looking like a complete idiot.	May leave you exhausted like the theme park ride that inspired it; however, you'll have a good time when it's over.
Thanks to Gosling's fearless performance it's a powerfully unsettling portrait of an enigmatic, rather terrifying but also pathetic personality.	Gosling's spellbinding performance makes Danny's journey irresistible.	Mr. Bean's diagnosis of Jewish self-hatred in The Believer may be misdirected in the present circumstances.	Due to stodgy, soap opera-ish dialogue, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer.	No polemic, the movie puts our own religious sensibilities and prejudices to the test. The result is arresting, prickly, vaguely funny, even - 'difficult' in the best sense.	Gosling commands the screen with a raw, electrifying performance.
Herzog's fascination with the human mind is trumped only by his fear and loathing of the powerful forces of nature that continually crush it	Herzog possesses the unique ability to revel in his own eccentricity without ever losing his charm.	Perhaps because Herzog is approaching old-master status, Encounters at the End of the World skews toward the observational.	Granted, this documentary (surely the weirdest ever funded by the Discovery Channel) could have used more editing. But it's the notebook of a genius, and well worth cracking open.	There's little doubt that one's appreciation for the movie is directly related to one's fascination with Antarctica's barren landscape...	Encounters at the End of the World offers a poignant study of the human psyche amid haunting landscapes.
The film can't sustain this momentum en route to a highly calculated ending that departs from King's more ambiguous denouement to mostly shrug-worthy effect.	The film has the decency to spring another critter out from the darkness whenever things threaten to get too talky.	The Mist is one of the best screamfests I've seen in years, and a whale of an entertainment.	The Mist made me want to scream, but for all the wrong reasons.	Touches upon the frightening fantasy of monsters hidden in the mist and the unsettling reality of monsters walking revealed among us.	Frank Darabont's impressive camerawork and politically incisive script make The Mist a truly frightening experience.
The concept of humans humbled by apes inspires deep consideration of our place on the evolutionary ladder and in any supposed grand schemes.	Dismal SF deep think (1968) that gave birth to an equally dismal string of sequels and TV series spin-offs.	Weird combination of heavy-handed allegory and campy fun	...an above-average science-fiction movie in spite of its contrived plot, stilted acting, forced allegory, and unconvincing makeup.	Seminal simian sci-fi that blends satire with the drive and pace of an adventure story.	Planet of the Apes raises thought-provoking questions about our culture without letting social commentary get in the way of the drama and action.
The 40-Year-Old Virgin disarms us -- it is, at its heart, a sweet-natured romantic comedy. Unfortunately, you have to clear away a fair bit of debris to find that heart.	It almost made me forget about Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo. Almost.	A near-perfect sex comedy, made by smart people who understand that crassness itself is not funny, but that crassness with a dash of cleverness is.	I think this is one of the summer's biggest, most pleasant surprises.	Good-bye, sidekick. Hello, star!	Steve Carell's first star turn scores big with a tender treatment of its titular underdog, using raunchy but realistically funny comedy to connect with adult audiences.
I wouldn't say that the new film Flash of Genius is terrible. It's actually not that bad. However, it could have been so much better.	Nothing too special here.	Flash of Genius is a moving film - although definitely not a feel-good epic - that's well-paced, well-written, and superbly acted.	Flash of Genius takes an uninteresting idea -- on the surface, at least -- and actually makes it even less interesting than it already would be.	It's as slow and lifeless a crowd pleaser as you'll see all year, a David-and-Goliath story that would have been a much stronger film if it realized that David has to be a little nuts to take on Goliath.	The touching underdog story of a single guy against a massive corporation, Flash of Genius is a well-paced and well-written tale with a standout performance by star Greg Kinnear.
It's a movie that recognizes our flaws, but tells us we can rise above them -- and when we do, what we find will be worth it.	It's hard to get too involved in the story lines, which unfold like four half-hour television series quilted together. And the stakes are generally low: Which hunk to choose?	The talented young actresses and a quartet of appealing swain make this story's travels between laughter and tears a journey worth taking.	The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 is so fixed on representing the range of the girls' experiences that they spend precious little time together.	Members of the sisterhood are often getting upset for one baffling reason or another.	The workable chemistry among the four leads combined with the enriching message make for a winning Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2.
Christmas fable is cute and tame, but unoriginal.	The Perfect Holiday is so modest and good-natured that its flaws are hardly glaring.	In one scene, Terrence Howard kneels in a pair of shoes like Tim Conway in a 'Dorf on Golf' video, licks a lollipop and utters this line: 'I gotta go dookie.' I hope they paid him well.	Despite the appealing supporting performers, I'd like to cap this movie.	This sugarplum of a movie is held together with good intentions and paperclips, but its appealing cast and seasonal sweetness make it -- if not the perfect holiday treat, a pleasantly enjoyable one.	The Perfect Holiday is the perfect example of Christmas movie clichés run amok.
If the film fails to click on all the emotional levels that Disney might have wanted, at least it's a brightly-paced bit of comedy and fun.	...intended mainly for kids, most audiences, young and old, will get a kick out of it. ...the film is entertaining in its own low-key manner.	This is high-quality animation. The engaging characters play out the action against elegantly designed backgrounds.	As usual with film noir, however, it is the villain who steals the heart and one is rooting for in the breathtaking showdown high up in the cogs and ratchets of Big Ben.	The next best Holmes to Jeremy Brett.	The Great Mouse Detective may not rank with Disney's classics, but it's an amiable, entertaining picture with some stylishly dark visuals.
What really makes this movie so special, apart from the revelation that Adam Sandler can act, is the direction.	As a singular character study, it's perfect. It's also the year's sweetest movie.	It has a profusion of confusion, a pseudo-autistic hero, and a stream of nonsequitirs. It's also not entirely bad.	...una de las más hermosas historias de amor jamás filmadas...	The lasting value of the movie, the element that confirms Anderson as the most provocative and excitingly aggravating of young American filmmakers, is the way it clambers inside you and punches away at the walls of whatever box you live in.	Odd, touching, and unique, Punch-Drunk Love is also delightfully funny, utilizing Adam Sandler's comic persona to explore the life of a lonely guy who finds love.
It's a mad mad mad mad world, all right, and Rat Race makes it seem all the zanier.	Hollywood Squares remake of Mad World.	It is drecky, dull-headed comedy, all pratfalls and wild hair and poop jokes.	There are no winners in Rat Race, only a lineup of comic actors running on empty long before the dust settles.	Terminally dumb, noisy and tasteless, Rat Race is the quintessential big-studio August movie, one for the summer season's dumping ground.	Rat Race moves from one sight gag to another, but only a handful of them are genuinely funny.
...a benchmark of comparison for all super spectaculars, and in its restored, high-definition Blu-ray presentation, it's more spectacular than ever.	An epic soap opera of an event -- the running time is longer than any church service -- that still impresses more than it amuses.	It seems as if some films are perpetually being restored, with each new version touted as better than the last. That said, I can assure you that the new DVD and Blu-ray edition of...	Still a grand biblical epic that's just a notch below "Ben-Hur" in terms of its performances, narrative drama, and special effects.	A great big wallow, sublime hootchy-kootchy hokum, peppered with lightning that does automatic writing and an unsurpassed homage to the joys of jello.	Bombastic and occasionally silly but extravagantly entertaining, Cecil B. DeMille's all-star spectacular is a muscular retelling of the great Bible story.
First Blood is ragged and flashy; it ought to be a big success with audiences that value action for its own sake.	As a Stallone vehicle this is sleek, slick and not unexciting, but crassly castrates the David Morrell novel on which it is based.	The film is just too somber and preachy.	A thriller that's actually thrilling. The only Rambo worth watching.	a powerful, complex and captivating film that serves as a blockbuster action film and a serious drama	Much darker and sensitive than the sequels it spawned, First Blood is a thrilling survival adventure that takes full advantage of Sylvester Stallone's acting skills.
Saw V utterly mimics the original film's formula -- that awful basement, those cops chasing clues in what we assume to be the same time-frame, those awful devices of death.	This is unmistakably one of the worst horror films of the year. It's the last dying gasp of a series that was already past its expiration date.	Surprisingly, the FIFTH installment of the series has a nice flow to it and is still able to dish out newly designed horrific torture scenes.	... the Saw franchise continues to provide at least one decent horror film to look forward to at Halloween.	A cut above its pretentious predecessors; the graphic set-pieces -- including an opening inspired by Poe's 'The Pit and the Pendulum' -- deliver the gory goods.	If its plot were as interesting as its torture devices, or its violence less painful than its performances, perhaps Saw V might not feel like it was running on fumes.
No matter what happens to Hayek from this point on, she leaves us Frida.	An enjoyable excursion...even if it lacks the je ne sais quoi that made Kahlo such an original.	An instance of filmmakers being so inspired by the life and achievement of an artist (or, in this case, a pair of artists) that they transcend genre to create something invigorating.	A biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic.	With splendid supporting turns from the likes of Ashley Judd, Edward Norton, and Geoffrey Rush, and some terrific set pieces, Taymor brings Kahlo's art to life.	Frida is a passionate, visually striking biopic about the larger-than-life artist.
Would somebody just give Steve Buscemi an Oscar already?	Has many pleasures, not the least of which are some devilishly good performances.	A film like no other, an artful spellbinder that cuts deep.	Story is weak and bleak ... but enjoyable because the characters are so interesting and so loaded with human frailties ...	If you got a kick out of Crumb, this film will crack you up.	With acerbic wit, Terry Zwigoff fashions Daniel Clowes' graphic novel into an intelligent, comedic trip through deadpan teen angst.
The computer-generated action in the museum is predictably flawless but cleverly executed to make events far wittier and more exciting than they have any right to be.	Silly, shamelessly derivative slapstick - but at least it's family-friendly hyperactivity.	Bound to become THE family entertainment choice for the holiday season. It's a blockbuster. Deal with it.	The first half-hour's too slow; the last half-hour's too manic, as if to compensate. But at least it entertains.	. Its narrative is just pitched toward adolescent fantasy and silly, frequently obvious shenanigans to a hearty degree, and with no sort of consistent inner logic the movie tilts toward fleeting entertainment, with no inherent replay value or strongly fel	Parents might call this either a spectacle-filled adventure or a shallow and vapid CG-fest, depending on whether they choose to embrace this on the same level as their kids.
It's predictable, sentimental, and more than a little nostalgic. Yet it's also quite endearing, growing on you like a warm, fuzzy, fungus until you're overpowered by its affection and innocence.	A charming and modest movie that successfully carries us back to a period of difficult cultural transition in mainland China.	It has a real sense of the wonder.	There is a humane touch here missing from so many modern movies.	What makes Shadow Magic a mixed bag, both emotionally and thematically, is its burden of debt to mass appeal.	Charmingly sweet, Shadow Magic captures the sense of wonder of audiences experiencing the world of motion pictures for the first time.
Rust And Bone is a big film in every sense, sure-footed, stylish and confident, that mainlines emotion into its audience.	It doesn't have the same absorbing, epic qualities of "A Prophet." But Audiard's craft is still arresting, and the film hums with beauty, vigor and blood.	"Rust and Bone" seems to wander unexpectedly into its heart; it feels organic in its casual unfolding, like life itself.	Cotillard and Schoenaert both give award worthy performances, in a film that grips from the very outset without the need for vulgar spectacle.	The leads save it, particularly Cotillard, who once again subverts her own glamour with ferocious lack of ego.	Surging on strong performances from Marion Cotillard and Matthias Schoenaerts, Rust and Bone is as vibrant and messily unpredictable as life itself.
See Calle 54 and your life -- at least for a couple of hours (more if you pick up the soundtrack) -- will be enriched, if only for the bounce in your step.	There is much to be said for a music film that seems to be playing directly to us, the viewers.	This is one of the most infectiously joyous celebrations of musicmaking ever committed to film. See it and be ennobled.	Lacks history, background and cultural roots, but it's undeniably infectious.	Calle 54 is an engaging sampler of Latin jazz and its permutations.	A loving tribute to Latin Jazz artists where music does the talking.
Ambitious, challenging and exceedingly frustrating.	A riveting work for anyone interested in how filmmaking devices can be used to make the whole greater than the sum of its individual parts.	...a tawdry march through the lives of a bunch of slow-witted, thyroid-impaired moral imbeciles.	The outcome often amounts to an impressive slideshow instead of a fluid, substantial piece of work that involves and challenges us.	To say that sacred and profane imagery are daringly juxtaposed here would be seriously understating the case.	Though it tries to be provocative, Battle in Heaven is lethargic and mind-numbing.
Embarrassing, witless!	Barrymore demonstrates an acute sensitivity to the angst of adolescence, and handles it with kid gloves.	Drew Barrymore's virtuoso performance smooths over the plot holes.	Drew Barrymore has been well cast as someone who doesn't act her age.	Drew Barrymore movies have an advantage that others don't -- they have Drew Barrymore in them. But that doesn't take away from the fact that she makes more lousy pictures than any other good actress.	Unoriginal and unremarkable high school satire adds little to the genre.
Philip Seymour Hoffman is like a stack of pure Inca gold in the world of thespian addicts - a world I dwell happily in...	Strictly a case of textbook gambling addiction and not much else.	A showcase for [Hoffman].	We don't really feel the rush Dan gets from gambling, but the subtle comparison between the ruthlessness of casino managers and corporate bankers is certainly tasty.	Collapses into a public service announcement on gambling.	This story of addiction may lack the typical flash and glamour, but Hoffman makes Mahowny compelling.
It's a sweet and touching West Coast Fame, though it lacks that 1980 musical's manic energy and excitement.	The film suffers from a syndrome I'll call the Pop Princess's New Clothes. Hilary can't really sing, and neither can Terri, so you can't help but wonder, what's the big whoop?	Hilary Duff's latest vehicle ought to be a hearse carrying the ashes of her career.	It resembles an episode of TV's Saved by the Bell, with a bigger budget and an underlying religious bent.	An earnest and eager Fame for the young and the tin-eared.	A bland, formulaic tween version of Fame.
It's by no mistake that The Silence of the Lambs is still considered one of the most important modern thrillers of all time. The reason, in simple terms, is that no movie looks or feels like Demme's movie.	Adroitly directed by Jonathan Demme, it lurks about the exquisite edge of horror, before finally leaping into an unholy maw of bloody bones and self-awareness.	Brilliant, chilling and flawless. Hopkins delivers a villain for our times.	...gripping action, psychological thrills, and dramatic horror...a first-rate suspense chiller.	Jonathan Demme's thriller is artful pulp -- tabloid material treated with intelligence and care and a weird kind of sensitivity.	Director Jonathan Demme's smart, taut thriller teeters on the edge between psychological study and all-out horror, and benefits greatly from stellar performances by Anthony Hopkins and Jodie Foster.
Only the business of battle brings forth rousing adventure -- and buckets of blood. For the most part, the direction and violence are excessive.	In this mix of historical tragedy and hip adventure, Gibson may be as galvanic a movie swashbuckler as Errol Flynn and Burt Lancaster were in their day.	Though the film dawdles a bit with the shimmery, dappled love stuff involving Wallace with a Scottish peasant and a French princess, the action will pin you to your seat.	Gibson hews to a style that is visually elaborate without ever being visually complicated, scraping away the traces of any irony or dimension from every shot, every scene.	It takes a real star to make suffering this sexy.	Distractingly violent and historically dodgy, Mel Gibson's Braveheart justifies its epic length by delivering enough sweeping action, drama, and romance to match its ambition.
This charming French film reveals that there is no certainty in any romantic relationship except the prospect of more and more complications.	[Characters] stand revealed in subtle, unexpected ways.	The characters are so appealing that you can't help but fall in love with them.	Diff'rent strokes isn't an original theme, but in the hands of so capable an ensemble it takes on unexpected poignance.	The movie's unique appeal lies less in the style than the substance -- particularly, in the emerging hero at the centre of the tale.	The Taste of Others is a fresh, witty comedy about the attraction of opposites. The characters are well-drawn and engaging and their social interactions believable.
This is the best action film in years, one that doesn't muck around in terms of getting things cracking and barely lets up for its running time.	If most martial arts films feel like an over-spiced appetizer lacking any complementary flavors, then this movie is more of a complete meal.	"The Raid: Redemption" will offer a full meal to action-starved moviegoers, but strike most others as -- for all its athletic dynamism -- lacking nutrition.	"The Raid: Redemption" is sheer action ecstasy.	That even after no less than three viewings the energy jolt and excitement doesn't lose any of its visceral charge is a sure sign that not only is this one emma effing hell of a thrill ride, but one emma effing hell of a great achievement in filmmaking.	No frills and all thrills, The Raid: Redemption is an inventive action film expertly paced and edited for maximum entertainment.
Beautifully photographed and directed with an intimate maturity, the film reveals its characters in an unhurried way, thus making the audience accomplices in the unfolding liaison.	Madison County is Eastwood's gift to women: to Francesca, to all the girls he's loved before -- and to Streep, who alchemizes literary mawkishness into intelligent movie passion.	...an old-fashioned love story for adults.	The film is good enough; Streep is the X-factor that makes it excellent.	Probes the poetics of desire and yearning in two soulmates.	Sentimental, slow, schmaltzy, and very satisfying, The Bridges of Madison County finds Clint Eastwood adapting a bestseller with heft, wit, and grace.
The plot material isn't as strong as in the first two movies -- if anything, it feels a bit desperate -- but the anti-Disney joke blunderbuss remains in good working order.	Shrek the Third sticks to the swamp it knows best, in a mild climate of palatable jokes about fatherhood, high school, girl power, and a drug-education program for teens that advises ''Just Say Nay.''	The formula still works. Maybe not as well, but it works.	Turning to Arthurian legend to fill the gaps of the fairy tale parodies you've run short of makes for a mess of a film.	The charm has evaporated. Cinephiles will enjoy some of the in-jokes (watching an awful play, one character cracks, "This is worse than Love Letters"). But then, if you're a cinephile, why would you bother with this?	Shrek the Third has pop culture potshots galore, but at the expense of the heart, charm, and wit that made the first two Shreks classics.
The labyrinthine plot got so outlandish at times that our audience started laughing at it.	One big, vaguely ominous blur, in which nothing really seems to be at stake except Chris Carter's future as a movie creator.	It's a two-hour episode of the show, except with better production values and a nicer wardrobe for Scully.	The truth is that X-Philes with high expectations may be much harder to please than the average summer movie-goer.	I had hoped that the limitations imposed by the small screen would be eliminated by a bigger budget, bigger scope, bigger medium. No such luck.	Results may vary for newcomers, but fans of the series will enjoy its big-screen transition.
Precisely observed, charming and -- for better and worse -- light as air.	As the overlong pic wears on, it's hard to care whether the puzzle pieces of the protags' lives fall into place or not.	It's well worth a look in this very lean season for grown-up entertainment.	Klapisch is daring you to call him sentimental. He is. But, as he proves in a sublime ending, he's magical too.	Uma continuaзгo nгo apenas dispensбvel, mas que ainda consegue, em certo grau, diminuir nosso carinho pelo original.	Like its predecessor L'Auberge Espagnole, Russian Dolls is charmingly breezy and light.
It's far too simplistic for comfort -- and downright dangerous if it makes anyone think today's self-destructive forces will bow jovially out of sight as soon as we grown-ups loosen up a little.	Although today it feels rather dated, especially with its technology, it is one of the better examples of the genre.	One of the early films to warn about the dangers of hackers and the possibilities of computers controlling our lives.	Exciting and well-paced.	John Badham solders the pieces into a terrifically exciting story charged by an irresistible idea: an extra-smart kid can get the world into a whole lot of trouble that it also takes the same extra-smart kid to rescue it from.	Part delightfully tense techno-thriller, part refreshingly unpatronizing teen drama, WarGames is one of the more inventive -- and genuinely suspenseful -- Cold War movies of the 1980s.
Everything here, from the opening titles to the closing credits (themselves liberally filched from Seven), is too much.	Has aged about as well as a banana in the sweltering sun...	There's no suspense, no emotional involvement with the characters, and the cynical, sophomoric storytelling is confusing.	The movie is too crowded with go-nowhere, potential ideas (lethal virus, U.S. imperialism, media watchdogging, racial and international conflicts) and too content to let its awesome FX carry the essentially lame storyline.	The movie definitely lost something in the translation.	Spawn is an overbearing, over-violent film that adds little to the comic book adaptation genre.
Bring It On gets real entertainment out of a flick in an often-mocked genre.	The cheering is occasionally spectacular and the principals' acting is above the material.	There's nothing authentic about Bring It On, which is at its best when completely immersed in satirical superficiality.	The film earns a lot of good will because of its enthusiastic cast, impressive choreography, and remarkably fast pace.	Showcases a trio of talented young actresses, captures the exuberant athleticism of competitive cheerleading and positively exudes good-hearted charisma.	Despite the formulaic, fluffy storyline, this movie is surprisingly fun to watch, mostly due to its high energy and how it humorously spoofs cheerleading instead of taking itself too seriously.
Beautiful, gentle and pure - but not without elements of genuine menace - it will make believers out of adults and children alike.	[A]n enjoyable and creative little film that may have you checking under the bed next time you hear something go bump in the night	Like the ornate dollhouse that plays a part, "Arrietty" is lovely and well-appointed, but filled with only what you bring to it.	Combining lush color with minute detail, Arrietty transforms the mundane into magic.	Director Hiromasa Yonebayashi explores a hidden ecosystem within our own ecosystem, defining the very fragility of nature at our doorstep.	Visually lush, refreshingly free of family-friendly clatter, and anchored with soulful depth, The Secret World of Arrietty lives up to Studio Ghibli's reputation.
A heart-affecting boy-with-a-dog drama.	It may make you cry, but not because you've seen something worthy of your tears.	A surprisingly well-crafted coming-of-age story that will have viewers who grew up without a dog realizing what they missed.	A pleasant, entertaining yarn.	Anyone who's ever owned and loved a cherished pet will no doubt be charmed by My Dog Skip.	Critics say My Dog Skip is cute, wholesome entertainment for the family. It's especially designed to appeal to your sentiment, but you might find yourself choking up just the same.
While it comes up short in the warmth and depth department, it is notable for a modest comeback of sorts for Harrison Ford.	This is a brash, lightweight backstage comedy that looks lovely, doesn't insult its audience and uses its stars, both young and old, to terrific effect.	Ford and Keaton crackle and snap in TV satire.	McAdams' performance is worth the price of admission, but a resolution as satisfying as her work is not to be found.	It's okay.	It's lifted by affable performances from its impeccable cast, and it's often charming -- but Morning Glory is also inconsistent and derivative.
With the disinterest of one not being badgered into coughing up $18 a ticket, what I saw felt a lot like the Barbie's Playhouse version of Madonna's Truth or Dare.	There's something adorable about this whole Miley Cyrus phenomenon that appeals to, well, the girl in me.	Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert is a diverting 3-D artifact of Ms. Cyrus's just concluded tour.	What this concert film and documentary makes clear is that the real Miley is not just like her predominantly pre-adolescent, female fans.	Young fans will love sugary sweet concert film.	This high-energy concert film should please Cyrus' rabid pre-teen fan base -- and may come as a pleasant surprise for parents.
Douglas pulls out all the stops while - somehow - avoiding caricature in a glittering celebrity portrait. If Soderbergh's swansong doesn't always mine great depths, it gives fabulous surface.	With a lovely musical score by Marvin Hamlisch and Douglas and Damon perfectly comfortable with, you know, the gay thing, this is less surprising in its depiction of Liberace as a rampant queen than its authorised view of him as a complete bastard.	Douglas is more than acceptable, but Damon has made an unforgettable character. Scott Thorson is unknown and he comes out of the dark as the story that needs to be told.	The screenplay's ability to keep us engaged and involved that the opulence loses its lustre and the things that matter in life rise to the top	Michael Douglas transforms himself into the Las Vegas entertainer with style and, most of all, believability. Liberace was larger-than-life to say the least, and it would be easy to go the SNL route with a character by painting him with broad strokes.	Affectionate without sacrificing honesty, Behind the Candelabra couples award-worthy performances from Michael Douglas and Matt Damon with some typically sharp direction from Steven Soderbergh.
Sunshine Superman, named for the Donovan song, is about more than just Boenish. It's about the power of the image, something that Strauch uses to great effect.	An unflinching history of BASE jumping that is more funereal than fun	Expectations for a significant understanding of Carl's inner drive are never met, leaving "Sunshine Superman" more of a commercial for BASE jumping than a study of its slippery founder.	A generally splendid documentary by Marah Strauch about people throwing themselves off cliffs. Literally.	Engrossing, tension-filled and utterly fascinating.	Sunshine Superman shines a light on a fascinating life with copious amounts of incredible, thrilling footage.
It's such a laughable, scareless train wreck that you don't need to know the disastrous insider-baseball behind its production to hate it.	Yawn.	While you're watching it, it feels new and interesting, and as soon as it's over, you kind of feel like you've seen it before. It's creepy and cool and stylish, meaningful, and forgettable.	Labeling it a mess would be to understate the case; a more apt description would be that it's chaotic to the point of being anarchic.	The bigger problem with this film is that it simply isn't very scary.	The Invasion is slickly made, but it lacks psychological insight and thrills.
A worthwhile glimpse into how humans can begin to become whole.	That director Lieven Debrauwer has presented, in only 78 minutes, such richly drawn characters at such a leisurely pace seems like a minor miracle.	It's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies, but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette.	A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature.	Yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions, in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble, teach and ultimately redeem their mentally "superior" friends, family...	Pauline and Paulette is a gently poignant, compassionate tale.
One of the best swashbucklers ever.	A rousing, high-spirited family entertainment rightly regarded as one for the ages. [Blu-ray]	Peerless action-adventure romp from the Golden Age of Hollywood.	This is one of the truly great adventure films of all time, and features a terrific performance by the perfectly cast Flynn.	A flawless swashbuckler!	Errol Flynn thrills as the legendary title character, and the film embodies the type of imaginative family adventure tailor-made for the silver screen.
Not only worthy of its fine predecessor, this tender, perceptive, and gorgeously acted memory piece may even surpass it in subtlety, feeling, and depth of characterization.	Surprisingly endearing and frequently funny.	Flirting is one of those rare movies with characters I cared about intensely. I didn't simply observe them on the screen, I got involved in their decisions and hoped they made the right ones.	The formulaic script finally had something to say toward the end.	Nowhere near as novel as The Year My Voice Broke....but still worthwhile	A terrific follow-up to The Year My Voice Broke, Flirting is a teen movie worth watching, thanks to emotionally engaging performances and an endearing script.
Saraband is a great masterpiece, and a true and fitting culmination to a major career.	While bringing an abundance of inspiration to this world, Bergman unapologetically refused to ignore the pain and darkness that infects mankind. There will never be another filmmaker like him.	A natural coda to a lifetime of shockingly clear-eyed bitterness ... Staggering out of the theater, sunlight feels like a novelty.	The compositions are stark, the tone wintry and the conversations bleak. Yet there's a flicker of something affirmative in this darkness.	Vintage Bergman: an intense psychodrama of anguished revelations and lacerating confrontations that unfolds with a stately rhythm in ten chapters.	If Saraband appears to be a minor entry in Ingmar Bergman's filmography, it's still an accomplished piece of work from one of cinema's greatest masters.
A nicely weepy melodrama.	A superior soap opera not unlike what Douglas Sirk might have churned out in the 1950s.	Gloomy Sunday is a well-acted German drama about love, death and the grace moments that make life worth the wear of living.	This handsome, moving and romantic German drama is so well made and features such strong, funny and heartbreaking performances, that its sorrowful tone is tempered with consolation.	Though Gloomy Sunday is far too forthright in its pretensions to earn a place among the classics, its old-fashioned melodramatic credentials are still hard to resist.	Gloomy Sunday is beautiful, well-acted, and every bit as downcast as its title.
The film is brief and not especially creative in its storytelling, but nonetheless unforgettable; this remarkable story deserved to be captured on film.	Relates a powerful story with intelligence, concision and a minimum of distracting stylistic flourishes.	The special effectiveness of women is the theme of director Gini Reticker's film, but there is a remarkable lack of moralizing and grandstanding here.	This illuminating film by director Gini Reticker and producer Abigail Disney is a much-needed attempt to put the spotlight on a moment of history that still inspires.	Leymah Gbowee [is] one of the heroic women interviewed in this fleet, gripping documentary.	This political documentary about protests during the Liberian Civil War is an uplifting celebration of the capacity of everyday people to affect great change.
Brando and Kazan achieve career bests in this alternately thrilling and moving drama.	Not a flawless film, but so very fine that you'll remember what works--the terrific lead performance, the great support from Cobb and Saint, the evocative photography, the expertly chosen locations--more than what doesn't.	Religion and social action finally meet in Hollywood a great film for many reasons, but its most enduring asset may be the young Brando.	Screenwriter Budd Schulberg's exposé of the corruption in the dock workers' unions won eight Oscars and remains as stirring as ever -- as does the performance of Marlon Brando.	a watershed moment in cinema history; it remains one of the greatest films of the 1950s	With his electrifying performance in Elia Kazan's thought-provoking, expertly constructed melodrama, Marlon Brando redefined the possibilities of acting for film and helped permanently alter the cinematic landscape.
The screenplay... may be the most biting example of hard-boiled wit ever to come out of Hollywood, and it is stylishly performed at a breakneck pace by a uniformly expert cast.	Apart from the monochrome photography, all that dates the film is the chain-smoking and the fact that these are theatre folk rather than movie stars (frequent in-jokes about the low art of Hollywood pepper the script).	Intelligent script ... mesmerizing performances	A total joy.	Joseph L Mankiewicz's film dissects the narcissism and hypocrisy of the spotlight as sharply as [Billy Wilder's Sunset Blvd], but pays equal attention to the challenges of enacting womanhood.	Smart, sophisticated, and devastatingly funny, All About Eve is a Hollywood classic that only improves with age.
... crackles with slick, eye-catching animation and off-the-wall humor.	Ice Age won't drop your jaw, but it will warm your heart, and I'm giving it a strong thumbs up.	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies, and that makes for some glacial pacing early on.	The animation in 'Ice Age' is definitely cool, but in terms of story and characterization it's rather mushy, a prehistoric retread of 'Monsters, Inc.'	It's simply a fun, silly comedy, but then what's wrong with that?	Even though Ice Age is treading over the same grounds as Monsters, Inc. and Shrek, it has enough wit and laughs to stand on its own.
Even with its flaws, the film finds many moving moments as it surveys the ravages of a perpetually divided country.	Hammers away at its Arab/Jewish variation on the chicken-or-the-egg debate ad nauseam.	The need to touch on pivotal events makes this at times seem like history's 'greatest hits,' although the personal stories provide a narrative thread tying it all together.	It's not easy to turn one of the most controversial events of the 20th century into a movie that makes your eyes roll, but O Jerusalem does this and worse.	I felt as though I could have gathered the same information about Israel's beginnings from a pamphlet, and saved myself the film's forthright baggage	Though a noble effort, O Jerusalem fails to combine this history lesson and human drama into a coherent cinematic piece.
This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.	My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.	Never boring, and holds up wonderfully to repeated viewings.	Never fails to take me back to a place of welcomed innocence yet it doesn't make me wish I were back there.	If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.	Both warmly nostalgic and darkly humorous, A Christmas Story deserves its status as a holiday perennial.
[E]ntertaining, just a wee bit self indulgent, and highly emotional at times, Jay-Z's farewell performance [is] a sensational, if occasionally shallow, concert experience.	A solid concert flick and a surface-deep peek at how the music gets made, but ultimately the final product feels like a well-polished piece of marketing machinery.	You thought there was Red State America and Blue State America? Welcome to Jay-Z America. It's not your father's crossover rap show.	Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all, especially those who aren't aware of, or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war.	He may have 99 problems, but a glitch ain't one.	An emotionally wrenching portrayal of a family reunion that doesn't turn out as expected.
The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp, Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances.	Anyone who watches Yvan Attal's breezy, skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters.	A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband's two best friends.	A sour, grating comedy-drama about fidelity and infidelity among the Parisian bourgeoisie...certainly won't send you home with a smile on your face.	If you ever get a chance to see Happily Ever After at any venue and in any form, drop everything and see it.	Though this French film features good acting, it lacks the wit and charm one would expect to see.
The viewer is presented with so many vistas of cornfields and paved two lane roads that I began to have flashbacks to the overused jungles of Thin Red Line.	Original as anything this esoteric filmmaker has ever produced and quite a bit more profound.	A slow-moving, folksy-looking, profoundly spiritual film.	I don't know how much is 'based on a true story,' but deeper truth about life, love, and forgiveness rings out loud and clear.	The story seems to reveal itself naturally, like a flower bud opening up.	Slow-paced but heart-warming.
What it lacks in focus, it makes up for in energy and commitment.	You don't need to have seen the father's movie to enjoy the son's, a multitiered fantasia that's part cinema history, part family reunion, and all hall of mirrors.	A sobering and wildly entertaining account of how the elder Van Peebles crashed through the hurdles that continue to hinder independent filmmakers.	More competent and engaging than the film that inspired it, but it doesn't go much beyond replaying history.	Melvin's story, different from Sweetback's, has to do with marketing that resistance, to make his movie matter.	An entertaining and intriguing tribute to a father from his son.
With spectacular performances, technical elements that are beyond criticism, and the best directorial work of Fincher's remarkable career, The Social Network is one of the best films of 2010.	I'm really not making this up. My best friend Emily called me half an hour before I left to see 'The Social Network.' And guess what she wanted to know? 'This woman who went to high school with us wants to friend me,' she said. 'Do you remember her?'	Through deft shooting and a brilliant orchestration of flashforwards and flashbacks, [Fincher and Sorkin] turn these potentially deadly scenes of legal sparring into a zesty narrative framework.	Despite the ceaseless yammering, The Social Network delivers the heady, rib-tickling rush of an action picture, and it gradually builds to an emotional wallop that blindsides you.	What a terrific movie!	Impeccably scripted, beautifully directed, and filled with fine performances, The Social Network is a riveting, ambitious example of modern filmmaking at its finest.
Merely uses innovative means to tell a trite story.	It's a dose of speed, and you can't say no.	"Dream" glamorizes nothing en route to a near-nauseating finale, which feels like a rollercoaster car hitched off the track and hurtled into hell's depths. A decade later, it still follows through with full force on its cautionary stomach punch.	You'll leave the theater very shaken but at the same time spectacularly impressed.	A powerful fable about love and addiction that manages to be darkly humorous when it isn't graphic or harrowing in the extreme.	Though the movie may be too intense for some to stomach, the wonderful performances and the bleak imagery are hard to forget.
Shifts unsteadily between slow-moving, gauzy focus romance and 'transgressive' gross-out comedy.	[Carrey] remains a brilliant physical comic, even if the ideas seem less than fresh.	Zellweger, usually a superlative actress, can't catch the Farrellys' tone or match Carrey's intensity.	Neither Carrey nor the Farrellys are in top form here.	The funniest thing you'll see this year.	While Jim Carrey's comedic skills earn some laughs, Me, Myself and Irene sports a tired, unsatisfying plot.
Burton has picked up his considerable imagination and shaken it, but not much came out.	Just enjoy Sleepy Hollow for the gothic delight that it is.	A "Hollow-wood" production that couldn't be more hollow or Hollywoodish.	No longer a prodigy at age 41, Tim Burton has now become a problem; I still find myself watching his movies with bemused tolerance, thinking surely he'll be a great director when he grows up.	Devoid of originality and cunning.	Sleepy Hollow entertains with its stunning visuals and creepy atmosphere.
The ingenuity is long gone, but there isn't even enough left in the most basic sense to tell a story that is anything but a shallow imitation of its predecessors.	In robot terms, if the original movie is a near-indestructible robot killing machine, Terminator Genisys is one of those back-flipping toy dogs you find worn and ragged in a basement one day.	More than anything, Ahnuld is a reminder of better days.	The movie, especially the first half, is so busy replicating visual tropes and entire scenes from Cameron's originals that you wonder if it has anything new up its sleeve at all.	No shortage of new ideas in "Genisys."	Mired in its muddled mythology, Terminator: Genisys is a lurching retread that lacks the thematic depth, conceptual intelligence, or visual thrills that launched this once-mighty franchise.
"Miss Bala" is a portrait of a young woman who is at once terribly vulnerable and improbably brave. It's equally a vision of a vulnerable society on the road to anarchy.	All the more disarming for the fact that it takes place in a society where politics appears redundant and money and power are gained through violent, minutely orchestrated coups.	In the vision of this ruthless and abundantly talented young director, life in Tijuana isn't merely as bad as you think. It's worse.	That innocuous title disguises a Mexican thriller with genuine bite, though the hokey ending doesn't quite live up to the edgy plotting and Sigman's classy turn as a tough heroine in an impossible situation.	Gripping and heart-breaking in equal measure, this is an impressively directed and superbly acted thriller that plays like a collaboration between the Dardennes Brothers and Michael Mann.	Miss Bala's subject is loaded enough, but the frantic and muscular filmmaking puts this movie in a whole new league.
The epitome of everything that's wrong with $150 million B-movies.	atmospheric and relentlessly sketchy thus ignoring the real ingredient that stimulates a captivating creep show...Van Helsing is definitely a ridiculous pill to swallow	Far too much of the film feels like drudgery.	This all-star gathering of scream legends ... proves definitively that just because you're undead doesn't mean you're alive.	Horror classicists may be upset at [Sommers] tampering with monster mythologies, but everyone else will just be going along for the ride, and they'll have a terrific time.	A hollow creature feature that suffers from CGI overload.
A thrilling high-water mark for an inherently dumb sub-genre, and that's only back-handed praise to those who wouldn't have even considered buying a ticket.	Hostel has style, and it has its moments, but overall it's a mixed (barf) bag.	The PR hype machine loves Eli Roth, and I'm sure he loves it right back.	Wants to be preeminent shock cinema, but doesn't have the [courage] to fully follow through on its promise of unbridled carnage.	A thoroughly intriguing twist on the horror genre.	Featuring lots of guts and gore, Hostel is a wildly entertaining corpse-filled journey -- assuming one is entertained by corpses, guts, and gore, that is.
Nanking is grim but ultimately uplifting, a reminder that even in dangerous times, brave individuals can hold the line against barbarism.	This painful documentary ends on a hopeful note, although with a clear view of the cloud over human nature.	a documentary that may well rank among the greatest re-tellings of a historical event put on film	The lesson here is not simply to vilify the Japanese soldiers of that era, but to make sure that we never forget who we are and what our country stands for today.	Nanking does justice to this tragedy even though it makes the mistake of mixing the testimony of actual participants with staged readings from actors subbing for real people.	This powerful and horrific documentary brings the atrocities committed at Nanking to light without sugarcoating any of the brutality.
A thriller aboard the Trans-Siberian line, stretching roughly 5,000 miles from Beijing to Moscow, should be a cinch, right? Not so fast, Casey Jones.	as Hitchcockian thrillers go, it's one of the smarter and more absorbing ones made in recent years	A movie whose inspiration comes straight from the DNA of some of Hitchcock's finest classics, Anderson's latest is a languid, sometimes engaging thriller that unfortunately fails to elevate those existing clichés and conventions beyond the parameters of w	The execution is masterful and even as you see the building blocks of the climax being put into place, it's a delight to watch them fit just so.	Transsiberian makes suspenseful and sometimes violent gestures, but it's all decoration.	Traditional in form yet effective in execution, this taut thriller updates the "danger on a train" scenario with atmospheric sense.
I really wish I could have liked this more.	The action scenes might grab you, but there's a lot of talky downtime.	This long-overdue big-screen adaptation makes it hard to tell what was so revolutionary about the series.	With all that gorgeous imagery, you'd think the filmmakers would have found a way to tell the story visually without using mountains of expositional dialogue.	Unfortunately, the story is painfully recycled, heavily indebted to Blade Runner (1982), along with healthy dollops of Beauty and the Beast, Isaac Asimov's robot stories and the mythological echoes.	While visually arresting, Appleseed's narrative and dialogue pondering existentialism is ponderous, awkward, and clumsy.
The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.	One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.	Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions. Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.	What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.	Bakshi has carved out a niche for himself directing mixes of animation and live action, but he's let down here by an unconvincing script and characters.	Cool World throws a small handful of visual sparks, but they aren't enough to distract from the screenplay's thin characters and scattered plot.
While Kong is, in most scenes, only an 18-inch studio model, the stop motion special effects are so intelligently accomplished and lovingly detailed that the animated gorilla often appears more expressive than the human actors.	King Kong exemplifies a sort of personal expressiveness and cinematic mysticism that's all the more awesome for its apparent outmodedness.	In many ways, Kong is still king.	It's gonna be hard for Jackson to top this one!	The film is everything solid entertainment of the sort should be -- exciting, thrilling, weirdly convincing and finally mythic.	King Kong explores the soul of a monster -- making audiences scream and cry throughout the film -- in large part due to Kong's breakthrough special effects.
The best way for Babydoll et al. to exact revenge on these sadists is by blowing up a bunch of robots while running around half-naked? Was Betty Friedan a script consultant?	Sucker Punch is not one of the worst movies of the year, it's three of the worst slapped together on a single reel.	The baleful influence of David Lynch, kung-fu pictures and Shutter Island lie behind its rancid lucubrations.	Sadistic and shallow, exploitative and misogynistic, these are the descriptions that 'Sucker Punch' seems not to be so much offended by as revel in.	The lights are on, but nobody's home.	It's technically impressive and loaded with eye-catching images, but without characters or a plot to support them, all of Sucker Punch's visual thrills are for naught.
A witty, uncommonly intelligent and savvy journey into the world of childhood nightmares.	... a terrific choice for the whole family, ... [but compared to all of the previous Pixar films, it's] a bit of a disappointment.	If anything, it improves with age.	The balance tilts towards action and gags, and does them gloriously.	[An] exciting, imaginative and very likable adventure.	Clever, funny, and delightful to look at, Monsters, Inc. delivers another resounding example of how Pixar elevated the bar for modern all-ages animation.
Delivers frisky fun for bruised romantics regardless of age, sex or nationality.	Firth exudes a Ralph Fiennes-like smoldering charisma, taking a role that Fiennes himself would probably never stoop to accept.	Zellwegger uses a limitless reserve of humility and vulnerability to capture hearts. She's stunningly sympathetic.	Surely Bridget herself would sniff at the film's soppy sentimentality.	What audiences found so endearing about this movie escapes me.	Though there was controversy over the choice of casting, Zellweger's Bridget Jones is a sympathetic, likable, funny character, giving this romantic comedy a lot of charm.
The best prison movie since A PROPHET. Jack O'Connell is a star in the making.	The most tremendous thing about Starred Up is exactly how simple it keeps things, and what a richly nuanced story emerges in the process.	[An] unusually cohesive and exciting prison drama ...	The intention seems to be to create a ferocious film without an iota of fakery...	Yup, there's a prison wing full of clichés, but, aided by razor-sharp performances from his cast, Young Adam director, David Mackenzie, delivers a raw, powerful, British prison drama.	Smart, hard-hitting, and queasily realistic, Starred Up is an instant classic of U.K. prison cinema.
Those accepting Men in Black for what it is will likely agree that this is one of 1997's more satisfying big-budget offerings.	Forget the crappy music video, forget the Raybans commercial tie-ins, forget all the crappy hype that the studio felt compelled to spew forth, just go rent this film, stock up on popcorn and have a fun night.	Overall, the film is easy enough to watch, short enough not to have you care about the lame 1-2-3 plot, and funny enough to make you smile if you're feeling blue.	What makes this wildly imaginative setup so much fun is the contrast between the deadpan gruffness of Jones and Torn, and the spectacularly strange environment in which they work.	Like the Fiorentino character, you may not remember much. But you'll remember having fun.	Thanks to a smart script, spectacular set pieces, and charismatic performances from its leads, Men in Black is an entirely satisfying summer blockbuster hit.
Makes Audition seem downright pedestrian, and that might be the most disturbing statement I've made in my entire life.	The torture is strictly for kicks, which spoiled this for me, but less skittish viewers may enjoy this as a stylish and tightly wound genre piece.	Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi.	a bizarre sado-masochistic love story, an unnerving excursion into criminal and sexual extremes, and a comicbook explosion of lurid colours and freakish characters	It could have been more deeply disturbing; instead, it's just shocking.	Ichi The Killer is a thoroughly shocking gorefest that will surely entertain those with strong stomachs and a penchant for brutal violence.
Despite special effects far inferior to those used in the 1998 American version, [Toho Studio] is still the master of its original 1954 creation.	I'd say this movie fulfills its duties.	I thought the original Godzilla was cheesy in 1954. So imagine how it feels to see the same degree of idiocy and only slightly improved special effects in a movie made 46 years later.	Though it lacks the antic verve of its mid-'60s predecessors, Godzilla 2000 offers some interesting twists for connoisseurs.	Like Godzilla Jr., Godzilla 2000 has a long way to go before it lives up to its legacy.	Godzilla 2000 is cheesy, laughable, and good entertaining fun.
It is a tale of love, strength, and self-esteem, sentiments which rarely go out of fashion.	The sixth filming may well rank as the most beautiful and compelling version, though certainly some will still prefer George Cukor's classic 1933 version.	While adherents of the original will carp at some anachronistic themes, few will quibble about the quality of the performances.	Director Gillian Armstrong and writer Robin Swicord have fashioned an entrancing film from this distinctly unfashionable classic.	Vibrant and appealing screen interpretation of Louis May Alcott's classic story about family as an evolving energy field of love.	Thanks to a powerhouse lineup of talented actresses, Gillian Armstrong's take on Louisa May Alcott's Little Women proves that a timeless story can succeed no matter how many times it's told.
This is character-driven film noir, where the violence serves a higher purpose than shocking or titillating an audience.	With this film Jacques Audiard proves that rotten movies aren't the sole province of Hollywood...107 minutes of pure tedium.	From its plot to its look, The Beat That My Heart Skipped is designed to express how it feels to be torn between two opposing worlds and passions.	The actors' touching father-and-son exchanges barely miss a beat.	Romain Duris's stunning performance anchors a fascinating melodrama about real-estate sharks.	Stylish and visceral, this able remake is infused with realism, grit, and a taut performance by star Romain Duris.
This quietly seductive elegy sweeps through six decades with a seamless sense of topographical texture and spatial editing... [a] gorgeous tapestry.	A massively beautiful epic.	The images of the coastal desert of Maranhăo in northern Brazil are as beautiful to look at in Andrucha Waddington's movie as the lives of her characters are hard to live.	Heartbreaking and strange, House of Sand is as original as it is lovely.	A memorable, haunting experience for moviegoers' eyes and hearts.	Beautifully filmed with wonderful performances, this Brazilian tale deftly explores the passage of time and prolonged isolation in several decades of a mother and daughter relationship.
[This] extraordinarily witless movie operates as a checklist for cultural and racial clichés.	If you didn't enjoy the first two movies, don't see this.	I'm no fan of Perry's blunt-force morality comedies, but at least his pseudo-sainted materfamilias is a real character.	It seems fair to point out that of all the cross-dressing comedies of recent decades, none has channeled Some Like It Hot quite so thoroughly.	I did have a fun time wondering why character Malcolm's first answer to any dilemma is to dress up like a woman. Does he have a back stock of these fat suits?	Unnecessary, unfunny, and generally unwelcome, Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son offers more of the same for fans of Martin Lawrence's perplexingly popular series.
A cookie-cutter action film that hopes to stand on the shoulders of Twilight and Spider-Man but plays like Spider-lite.	It's absolutely empty and derivative and kind of a blast and so what? Pass me the Junior Mints.	A solid but unspectacular story that is aided geatly by its four likeable leads.	Four is a tease, promising muscular genre goods it never delivers, led by a painfully robotic performance from English actor Pettyfer, who spends the entirety of his screentime fussing with his unconvincing American accent.	left me wanting more, though maybe I should say "anything" instead of "more"	It's positioned as the start of a franchise, but I Am Number Four's familiar plot and unconvincing performances add up to one noisy, derivative, and ultimately forgettable sci-fi thriller.
Vaughn and Favreau almost always give us something to watch.	Made isn't in a particular hurry to get anywhere, but Jon Favreau's script has the feel of improvisation done right.	Consider these Made men reinstated.	Well-written and well-acted, though your enjoyment will largely depend on how high your Vince Vaughn tolerance level is.	The routines don't have the innocence (or anarchic slapstick) of Laurel and Hardy, but the set-up is the same, focusing on two blue-collar dopes who frustrate their supervisors.	Not as good as Swingers, but it's still witty and goofy enough for some laughs.
It's not the worst film in the series -- Halloween III will never be unseated -- but there's not nearly enough scares, or humor, to make Halloween: Resurrection worthwhile.	The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession, and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the "webcast."	A true but very tired slasher flick.	Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives, still with the boiler suit and white mask, which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry.	Am I missing something? I admit, I haven't watched all of the previous movies, but based on what I've seen I can't imagine why anyone else would.	The only thing this tired slasher flick may resurrect is nostalgia for when the genre was still fresh and scary.
A rollicking exploration of one paranoid fellow's tangled world of love and loss.	If the movie has a message, it's the same as most later Allen movies -- that love inevitably fades and only Louis Armstrong and the Marx Brothers abide.	Funny movie about relationships. Not for kids.	Woody Allen is a genius. You can't even say that he really is an American filmmaker, because his movies are in a category of their own.	Seminal, hilarious look at contemporary relationships.	Filled with poignant performances and devastating humor, Annie Hall represents a quantum leap for Woody Allen and remains an American classic.
For little more than the price of a tank of gas and a video camera, Kiarostami lets his viewers drive a mile in another's shoes. It's not often that a road trip is so educational.	Stark, experimental and surprisingly affecting.	Conceptually rigorous, splendidly economical, and radically Bazinian.	A little more reach would have allowed Ten to turn it up to 11.	Whatever the film lacks in physical lyricism, it makes up for with a claustrophobic flair that leads you to conclude that Ten can be the loneliest number.	Ten turns a conversational car ride into a gritty and compelling character study full of real emotion while providing an intriguing look into the lives of women in contemporary Iranian culture.
Wolverine is full of angst, and yet it has virtually all the humanity wrung out of it in an effort to create a live-action cartoon.	If you think all you need to enjoy a superhero film is action, try suffering through Wolverine and Sabretooth's endless, pointless attempts to beat each other up.	Packed with claw-shredding action and adventure, the film more or less delivers what it promises. The problem lies with what it promises.	Scary as Hugh Jackman's vascular body may be, it's also perfectly appropriate as a visual extension of the weaponization of Wolverine.	I have been powerfully impressed by film versions of Batman, Spider-Man, Superman, Iron Man and the Iron Giant. I wouldn't even walk across the street to meet Wolverine.	Though Hugh Jackman gives his all, he can't help X-Men Origins: Wolverine overcome a cliche-ridden script and familiar narrative.
Filled with entertaining action sequences and a dazzling supporting cast, Operation Stormbreaker succeeds in serving up tasty fare for the older set, as well as kids.	Even fantasies need a nod or a wink to assure viewers, 'Yes, it's ludicrous -- but isn't it fun?'	Sporting all the elements of a pre and early teens action adventure for the modern age (Biggles on steroids?), Stormbreaker uses Hollywood style filmmaking with British eccentricity to fun effect.	Taken for what it is -- 'tweenage escapism -- Stormbreaker is moderately fun.	Who knew that the world was clamoring for another spy kid movie at this very moment? If we have to have one, it should be as cheeky and nonsensical as Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker.	Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker is strictly children's fare, as it lacks originality, excitement, and believabiltity.
This is finally a particularly naked and invasive form of voyeurism, The Real World for the PBS crowd.	So effective in the way it challenges our perceptions about what we believe and what we think we know that it qualifies as a must-see.	This film is not to be missed, because it is so painfully and profoundly human.	This is probably the closest viewers will ever come to watching a family in this sort of crisis	Watching this remarkable production is like going on safari to that creepy world. It's a fascinating place to visit, but you wouldn't, not for a minute, want to live there.	A haunting depiction of a disintegrating family, and a powerful argument on the elusiveness of truth.
Polanski's most startling accomplishment is ultimately twisting something as natural as maternal instinct into something horrifying, if not downright monstrous.	One of the finest horror films ever made.	Uma verdadeira aula de Cinema para aqueles que erroneamente acreditam que filmes de terror dependem apenas de efeitos visuais e altos acordes na trilha sonora.	Amazing social satire with humor that never detracts from the creep-out factor. The nightmare sequence is sheer perfection.	It remains a masterpiece of droll humor and inbred horror.	A frightening tale of Satanism and pregnancy that is even more disturbing than it sounds thanks to convincing and committed performances by Mia Farrow and Ruth Gordon.
Divertido em seu humor descompromissado, este trash faz rir, mas năo oferece o menor indício do virtuoso cineasta que Jackson se tornaria.	Goofball gore flick that deservedly put Peter Jackson on the map!	The Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson's debut is rather aptly named. Its crudity has more to do with Sam Raimi than Tolkein, but there's a wonderfully sophomoric enthusiasm that keeps it interesting.	A climatic rebirth-by-chainsaw scene almost makes it all worthwhile, though you may have had to visit the bathroom once or twice in the wait.	Paucity of budget, however, cannot hide boundless creativity, true filmmaking style or gobs and gobs of in-your-face homemade gore and grue.	Peter Jackson's early low-budget shocker boasts a disgusting premise - aliens harvesting humans for fast food - that gives the budding auteur plenty of room for gross-out visuals and absurd cleverness.
This Is It a testament of a kind, and one that is no disgrace to his memory.	For fans of the late Michael Jackson who are hoping that Kenny Ortega's edit of the pop king's rehearsals will slash through the public vilification and help us rediscover his beloved music, this really is it.	I cannot image a visual record of any kind doing a better job of showing us what might have been, which makes it both a cause for celebration and its own unique tragedy	Differing greatly from the rough, casual mood of many behind-the-scenes pop docs, this one is instead of a piece with Jackson's body of work: dazzling and strange, blurring the line between fantasy and reality.	Strictly pressed factory floor sweepings, packaged and sold with questionable intent to a public aching for closure...takes Jackson's musical legacy and squeezes it for every last remaining nickel.	While it may not be the definitive concert film (or the insightful backstage look) some will hope for, Michael Jackson's This Is It packs more than enough entertainment value to live up to its ambitious title.
There's nothing wrong with stupid, gross-out humor if it's funny. But if it's not funny, all you're left with is stupid and gross.	It's so wrong at times, like the throat hole, but they milk it to the point of exploiting hiccups, so they're not relying on the easy jokes. They work for it.	Rude, crude and, uh, cosmopolitan, Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo waves the flag for R-rated politically incorrect studio comedy but doesn't top the laugh ratio of the first Deuce misadventure.	There is absolutely no reason on God's green earth a second Deuce should ever exist.	An underlying sweetness and a smattering of good jokes ensure that this stays watchable, although none of the gags are as funny as the poster.	A witless follow-up to the surprise 1999 hit, Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is raunchy, politically incorrect, and not particularly funny.
We know the beginning and the end of the story going in but a wonderfully inventive writer-director and his star have interested us in what happened in between - that's the movie's real triumph.	As long as you have an idea of what you're in for, 127 Hours is more weirdly entertaining than it is grim.	Claustrophobic and cinematic, humorous and ghoulish.	I don't think I ever cursed at and with a movie so much. [Under my breath, of course.] But partway through the intense experience, movie magic occurs. Despite the gruesome circumstances, we get involved. And the ending is rapturous.	A riveting and creative wilderness story directed by the inimitable Danny Boyle about a loner and his courage and perseverance in the face of hopelessness.	As gut-wrenching as it is inspirational, 127 Hours unites one of Danny Boyle's most beautifully exuberant directorial efforts with a terrific performance from James Franco.
Vivid, moving and breathlessly exciting, this enthralling mingling of fable, travelogue and social commentary sees Danny Boyle at the top of his game. Phone a friend and tell them not to miss it.	Not that the movie from director Danny Boyle isn't satisfying, isn't more than worth seeing. But I had been expecting cinematic fireworks to justify the claim that it's the best movie of the new millennium.	An unapologetic modern fairy tale ... The construct is so appealing, it's almost instantly classic.	I think it's a good movie, but I think the real reason it's getting all this acclaim is that it's just the right time for a movie like this. Everyone loves an underdog and with all the crap going on in the world right now, people are going to embrace it.	It's a masterpiece, and that's my final answer.	Visually dazzling and emotionally resonant, Slumdog Millionaire is a film that's both entertaining and powerful.
Walker's creepy performance ranks among the best found in any Hitchcock film.	...his basic premise of fear fired by menace is so thin and so utterly unconvincing that the story just does not stand.	Hitchcock has a deft touch with his actors producing characters in predicaments that are easy to empathize with.	Hitchcock's favourite device of an ordinary man caught in an ever-tightening web of fear plunges Guy into one of the director's most fiendishly effective movies.	Hitchcock was above all the master of great visual set pieces, and there are several famous sequences in Strangers on a Train.	A provocative premise and inventive set design lights the way for Hitchcock diabolically entertaining masterpiece.
[Beckinsale] looks like a 10-year-old girl going trick-or-treating as Trinity from The Matrix.	In the realm of action films, the whole thing works pretty well.	A noisy, tiresome affair that can't manage one moment of wit or real tension.	The whole thing's more art-directed than directed, and the actors are clearly on their own.	If the way a movie looks is everything to you, this film will pass the test. I, myself, prefer feeling involved.	Though stylish to look at, Underworld is tedious and derivative.
Cinderella meets The Ugly Duckling in Penelope, a muddled, charm-free fairy tale whose title character is a rich girl born with the snout of a pig.	A grim fairy tale at times, Penelope eventually lands in crowd-pleaser territory.	...an enjoyable piece of fluff, ably anchored by Ricci in a full 180 from the confident freak that was Wednesday Addams back in the day. Insecure people are going to love this movie	Maybe I've got some subconscious porcine fetish thing going (or something) but I think Christina Ricci looks kind of cute with a pig's snout where her nose should be...	A precocious fairy tale made for and starring people too old for whimsy	Though Penelope has a charming cast and an appealing message, it ultimately suffers from faulty narrative and sloppy direction.
Inspiration is pretty fallow after about half an hour.	...written so deliberately that the zombies aren't the only ones moaning and craving brains by the end.	Mildly enjoyable throughout...[the film] has a hard time competing with its own trailer.	The best zom-com since Shaun of the Dead... a delightfully sharp and smart comedy actioner that is funny, thrilling and just a little bit gory.	A minor diversion dripping in splatter and groaning with self-amusement.	Wickedly funny and featuring plenty of gore, Zombieland is proof that the zombie subgenre is far from dead.
The most mature, most childlike, best movie of the series. Pure joy in a box. Made me happier than any movie has this year so far.	Once it kicks in to unexpectedly become a prison-break thriller, it fires on all cylinders all the way to the finish line.	It's easily the best film of the summer so far ... if not the entire year.	Another sentimental journey with some old friends, new scene-stealers and a powerful, heartfelt mix of sugar and spice.	Maybe, sadly, there comes a time when the toys of childhood have to be packed away. But, not as long as this movie is playing which, we expect, will be forever.	Deftly blending comedy, adventure, and honest emotion, Toy Story 3 is a rare second sequel that really works.
A delightful Christmas fable filled with candy-coated laughs for the whole family.	Even when he's being a prize idiot, eating chewed gum stuck on a subway entrance or walking in front of a moving cab, Ferrell stays peculiarly endearing.	the cheesiest thing I've witnessed since Lara Croft rode a shark to the surface of the Mediterranean (in a good way!)	Thankfully, it's good kitsch, an all-ages Christmas story that will actually appeal to people of all ages.	One of the jolliest, funniest, most deliriously whimsical family comedies we've seen in quite a while.	A movie full of Yuletide cheer, Elf is a spirited, good-natured family comedy, and it benefits greatly from Will Ferrell's funny and charming performance as one of Santa's biggest helpers.
John Leguizamo steals the show as its sleazy trainer -- not that there's much to steal from John Schultz's joylessly schematic paycheck.	There are two ways to look at the big-screen adaptation of The Honeymooners - as an adaptation of the show, and as a film in it's own right. Either way it's a film that occasionally works, but never manages more than that.	A bland, dull and only occasionally funny waste of time that will very soon be gathering dust in the remainder bins.	Thank God Jackie Gleason and Art Carney died before they could see this.	A big-thinking schemer and dreamer like Ralph Kramden was amusing in the quaint days of 1955. In 2005, he comes off like a moron.	This pointless remake of the classic TV series only offers generic characters and gags.
A disaster that can't even get the computer generated images right.	An atrocious waste of a perfectly good CGI budget ... at least the Geico commercials make an effort to get the historical accuracy right	...most of the film is simply a matter of waiting for it to end.	...it's laughably bad, which means that if you can approach it as a really stupid film you just might find yourself enjoying it.	In an age where ... audiences reward blood-and-thunder films ... at the box office, greenlighting 10,000 B.C. must have seemed logical. I can imagine someone pitching the film ...by saying "It's like 300 .... plus 9,700!"	With attention strictly paid to style instead of substance, or historical accuracy, 10,000 B.C. is a visually impressive but narratively flimsy epic.
This is a charmfest of a movie, for bird lovers and non-bird lovers alike.	It's a special, strangely soothing movie experience that wonderfully celebrates the intricate diversity of life on Earth and the profound emotional bond that can exist between man and beast.	Parrots not so wild.Documentary shows quirks but not much else.	The birdman off Alcatraz, Bittner should make you think twice about calling anyone a bird-brain again.	... objections recede in the face of the prime fact of this movie: It makes us feel better about being human.	Interesting and appealing as both a study of man and nature.
An enormously enjoyable gothic yarn from Mexico.	A charming horror movie, if such a thing is possible.	A very stylish and sophisticated Mexican variation on some age-old themes.	Del Toro's first mini-masterpiece.	The acting is universally bad. Perlman has fun chewing up the scenery, but everyone else is painfully bad. The dialog was rotten too.	Guillermo del Toro's unique feature debut is not only gory and stylish, but also charming and intelligent.
There are mysteries to be explored in [Ceylan's] compositions: Why are so many people so far from the camera? Why is that floor creaking? Where did that bright red basket, suddenly lowered onto a dingy street, come from?	A Chekhovian tale of major artistic power.	A beautifully made, unapologetically artistic piece of work.	Smart, observant and sad.	A startlingly quiet film that is buoyed by a droll humor, splendid visuals and bittersweet reflections into the human condition.	Hauntingly beautiful, Distant communicates volumes with its almost pervasive silence.
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines unfolds as a thrilling piece of entertainment, but it has a third act and ending that don't work and shouldn't ever work.	With splashy digital effects and punchy stuntwork, the solid T3 slides along enjoyably, but doesn't have the impeccable story and visual design of the previous entry.	It's a slick, smooth and indeed explosive instalment, but it has neither the spit and polish of T2 nor the grittiness of the cult hit T1.	...Cameron set an incredibly high standard for this series, and Mostow has to be commended for staying true to the themes and ideas established in the first two flicks...	A skillful but spiritless thrill machine, T3 makes a good case for why James Cameron and company perhaps didn't envision a trilogy.	Although T3 never reaches the heights of the second movie, it is a welcome addition to the Terminator franchise.
A lean, deftly shot, well-acted, weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures.	Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar, but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and, at the same time, is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time.	...puts the snap, crackle and pop back into the spy thriller.	Confirms that espionage can be compelling without being sexy, even with Matt Damon in the starring role.	The Bourne Identity is always lucid and rarely boring -- after Bad Company, it seems particularly expert.	Expertly blending genre formula with bursts of unexpected wit, The Bourne Identity is an action thriller that delivers -- and then some.
There are some humorous moments -- I stress the word moments -- but they are few and far between.	There's nothing horribly wrong with Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties.	Painful. Our kids deserve better.	A lively sense of the ridiculous and grounding in fantasy makes the Garfield sequel chortling and fluffy fun - a nicely ladled script that dishes out a case of mistaken identity, talking animals and Fawlty Tower-esque Billy Connolly	This mangy sequel just isn't up to scratch.	Strictly for (very) little kids, A Tale of Two Kitties features skilled voice actors but a plot that holds little interest.
While Tatum has rough charm, Dewan is more dancer than actress.	...the dance numbers are overwhelmed by a trite and predictable script that trudges through familiar themes of redemption and acceptance while taking itself far too seriously.	Debut director Anne Fletcher fails to put a new spin on umpteen romantic hoofers.	The dance numbers are high octane, and the characters are likable enough to make us want to hang with them through a plot we've seen so many times before it's like movie muscle memory takes over.	Hood hooks-up with dancing debutante for across the tracks romance.	This trite teen romance has too little plot and not enough dancing.
...queasy, claustrophobic mood	Dunst is not the only person doing quality work in "All Good Things," but she is the only one worth watching.	You go away slack-jawed with shock and sated with the chilling bedtime-story elements of a great unsolved mystery novel you can't put down.	Jarecki never settles on what kind of story he wants to tell with these elements, and despite good performances, "All Good Things" veers awkwardly from love story to tragedy, from true-life mystery to black comedy.	Jarecki's telling of the Robert Durst story flails too far off course, too often, to retain the viewer's good faith.	It's well-acted, and the true story that inspired it offers plenty of drama -- which is why it's so frustrating that All Good Things is so clichéd and frustratingly ambiguous.
The funniest movie of the summer.	Vaughn, Owen and McAdams form a perfect three-way union.	You can almost never go wrong with the sight of Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn together, hitting on wedding guests and doing their best to out-funny each other.	Wedding crashes hard.Wilson and Vaughn barely save romantic comedy.	Director Dobkin should have taken a hint from his carousing central characters -- move in quick, score and get out before they know what's hit 'em.	Wedding Crashers is both raunchy and sweet, and features top-notch comic performances from Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson.
One's left with the gnawing suspicion that while it's a decent adaptation that should satisfy fans of the books, it really belongs on the Hallmark Channel.	The odds are quite good that you'd exit the movie theatre pretty much disappointed.	Not only does Adamson do right by C.S. Lewis' beloved book, but he sets the stage for a very promising new franchise.	Narnia may thrill younger viewers but leave older ones wanting.	New Zealander Andrew Adamson clearly relishes the task, and in the spirit of Lord of the Rings, conjuring a fantasy world of talking beasts, giant armies, spectacular landscapes, terrifying dashes of humour and entire worlds to save from doom.	With first-rate special effects and compelling storytelling, this adaptation stays faithful to its source material and will please moviegoers of all ages.
What's with the pants? How is it that when a guy with a 28-inch waist blows up to the size of a Cadillac Escalade, the pants remain intact?	Strange a project as it is, "The Incredible Hulk" actually counts as something of a success.	What Hulk smash most? Hulk smash all hope of interesting time in cinema.	That Leterrier is not particularly strong with character and acting further compounds the problem, leaving audiences with little to cling to but cartoon monsters and cardboard humans.	The Incredible Hulk gets 'er done, but while "Hulk smash!" is essential, it's also undeniably uninteresting when handed over to a computer.	The Incredible Hulk provides the action and excitement to please comic book fans and re-ignite this fledgling franchise.
A disposable B-movie without much excitement or ingenuity.	There's so little reason behind the plot that it's hard to focus on Foster's fierce performance.	plunges almost immediately into the suspense and maintains it throughout, highlighted by terrific performances by Foster, Sarsgaard, and Bean.	It's a profoundly stupid plot.... The amazing feat is that, while the film has you in its grasp, you barely notice. Genius.	[Y]ou can almost feel [Foster] spinning her artistic wheels as the story spins into the ridiculous...	The actors are all on key here, but as the movie progress, tension deflates as the far-fetched plot kicks in.
Ingmar Bergman's provocative existential drama was the first to garner him great international attention.	Its view of a seemingly godless landscape in the grip of plague is still bold and frightening.	Jons and Plog converse about how Lisa should be killed, as all women, for their deception, harking back to the garden of Eden.	Symbolism-filled classic a tough sell for kids.	Though it dramatically never comes to life, it does give one a feel of the medieval times' obscene nature, brutality and superstitions.	Narratively bold and visually striking, The Seventh Seal brought Ingmar Bergman to the world stage -- and remains every bit as compelling today.
This has to be one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.	If you think this movie is unfunny, death awaits you all with nasty, big, pointy teeth!	This innovative and hilarious spoof on the Arthurian tales is a laugh riot from start to finish; best of all is the pacification program for the Knights who say "Ni!"	Has been so quoted and requoted that the scenes and words feel tattooed onto the psychic membrane.	Python's delightful and, on the whole, consistent reductio ad absurdum of the Grail legend.	A cult classic as gut-bustingly hilarious as it is blithely ridiculous, Monty Python and the Holy Grail has lost none of its exceedingly silly charm.
If you can lighten up for an hour and a half, the film delivers one good laugh after another.	This is almost like a lost movie from my teenhood, a forgotten relic of the late 70s, early 80s, when even summer comedies came with a touch of social commentary and a bit of class consciousness -- when they ate the rich instead of aspiring to be one of t	Grown ups who can't get the joke may simply be jealous they can't go back and do it all over again themselves.	Go right ahead and skip this one at the Cineplex. You've got my word: It won't be on the final.	Too much of the plot is eaten up with clichéd assaults on a stodgy mainstream college and its pretty, gel-afflicted frat boys, who care waaayyy less about the liberal arts than whacking around pledges with a wooden spanker.	Like its characters who aren't able to meet their potential, Accepted's inconsistent and ridiculous plot gets annoying, despite a few laughs.
In the end, this is a story about a hard-to-know guy who loves his typewriter most of all. Everything else is just dust-jacket photography.	As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice, the movie makes two hours feel like four.	Offhand, if you'd like to see some great imagery about writing, then you should by all means rent this and skip to the good parts.	Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent.	The draw [for "Big Bad Love"] is a solid performance by Arliss Howard.	A boozy depiction of a struggling writer, Big Bad Love is too messy and self-indulgent.
An almost brutally manipulative piece...can't stand up against the tidal wave of treacle that swells up and swallows everyone in the final reels.	I Am Sam is engaging as it stands, but it takes a side that the audience doesn't necessarily agree with.	More simple-minded than the grade-school primers Penn's character obsessively reads, more manipulative than Fox News' wartime coverage, offers more product placement than Cast Away, and feels twice as long as Reds.	Plays out in such a conventional manner that it feels like a TV movie of the week from the '70s.	Works based on the chemistry between Penn and Fanning.	Not only does the manipulative I Am Sam oversimplify a complex issue, it drowns it in treacle.
A triumphantly entertaining examination of the ultimate movie icon, miraculously embodied by Michelle Williams.	Michelle Williams delivers an Oscar-worthy turn as Marilyn Monroe, making the iconic actress her own rather than merely doing an impersonation.	Based on Colin Clark's memoirs, this film sometimes feels a bit too warm and nostalgic for its own good. But the performances are strong, and it's packed with terrific moments.	It seems like oversimplified hogwash, but that's how films like this go.	Shimmying stiffly in too-tight dresses, exaggerated belly padding protruding awkwardly off her modern waif frame, Williams's voice and movements reflect study but not feeling.	Michelle Williams shines in My Week with Marilyn, capturing the magnetism and vulnerability of Marilyn Monroe.
A film that doesn't seem to know what it's about until the end.	The single finest movie of the 80's.	The film's heart is in the right place, and Ferris Bueller is slight, whimsical and sweet.	Hilarious comedy classic; language makes it PG-13.	A minor summertime diversion that could have been much more.	Matthew Broderick charms in Ferris Bueller's Day Off, a light and irrepressibly fun movie about being young and having fun.
79-year-old Clint Eastwood delivers yet another tub-thumping classic - a sports drama that'll have all but the most cynical cheering from their seats.	Morgan Freeman doesn't play Mandela as much as inhabit the man, in a performance that seems to embody the very transcendence that Mandela himself has come to stand for.	It's an exciting sports movie, an inspiring tale of prejudice overcome and, above all, a fascinating study of political leadership.	Absorbing, often electric with the energy of the playing field, Invictus is packed with feel-good "teachable moments" without the sugary aftertaste.	It may look like a movie-of-the-week and it certainly has some wincingly bad musical passages, but Invictus is an entertaining movie about a masterful piece of political theater.	Delivered with typically stately precision from director Clint Eastwood, Invictus may not be rousing enough for some viewers, but Matt Damon and Morgan Freeman inhabit their real-life characters with admirable conviction.
Forster's sincere but graceless reinforcement of the white bwana myth is either unable or unwilling to confront the violent and lawless actions of its supposedly God-fearing Christian protagonist.	With all the talk of "Kony/KONY 2012" wending its way into the culture, this movie gives a vivid picture of who this villain is and why the world should be doing something about him.	There's a certain absurdity, as well as outlandishness, to Childers' tale that Marc Forster's film, starring Gerard Butler, never quite shakes off.	Because it's based on real people and events, it carries unquestionable emotional heft despite its equally undeniable flaws.	What looks on the surface to be yet another inspiring story of one man's salvation turns out to be instead both an examination of modern atrocity and a rethinking of the burden/beauty of belief.	There's a complex man at the center of Machine Gun Preacher but the movie is too shapeless and emotionally vacant to bring his story to life.
How the story resolves itself is a bit unusual and not near as tidily wrapped up as we have come to expect from our films. More like real life.	Despite a few passing similarities to "The Madness of King George" and "Carrington," "Mrs. Brown" succeeds bravely on its own terms, owing much to freshman scribe Jeremy Brock's outstanding blending of fact and speculation.	If the movie crumbles under its own stiffness at times, at least it has the two old pros' good performances to cheer us along the way.	Fine Judi Dench starring drama.	Unfortunately, the performances are not enough to carry this film, which feels much longer than its 83 minutes running time.	Thanks to some top notch acting, the chemistry between its stars, and a witty, thoughtful script, Mrs. Brown delivers a nuanced and entertaining, if not entirely factual, account of a seldom explored historical relationship.
This disappointing War of the Worlds limps to a conclusion that mercifully insures there will not be a sequel.	Exploring the dark side of his old films E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Spielberg more than does justice to the granddaddy of all alien-invasion tales, H.G. Wells' still terrifying novel published in 1898.	For all its technical beauty, there's something lacking. It often feels a bit like Spielberg phoned the film in or at the very least painted it by numbers.	Spielberg's Worlds is filled with terrific scenes but ultimately, he draws the film to a predictable and utterly disappointing conclusion.	An intense sci fi experience that should satisfy viewers who crave both expensive special effects and intimate human drama, assuming that such an audience exists.	Steven Spielberg's adaptation of War of the Worlds delivers on the thrill and paranoia of H.G. Wells' classic novel while impressively updating the action and effects for modern audiences.
With less fluff and more funk than is usual for the genre, Kutcher and Peet make surprisingly appealing foils for each other.	It's strikingly well shot and acted, without resorting to sitcom silliness ... then just when it should end on a sigh, it spirals into the same old stupidity.	A lot like love? Hardly. Would you believe, maybe, a little like mild indifference?	Earns points for resisting the usual corny romantic comedy gimmicks (I'm looking at you, The Wedding Date!) for most of its running time.	There is a certain audience for whom such cinematic comfort food will be welcome, and the film's stars are likable enough to at least ensure that it's watchable.	A tiresome rom-com.
The symbolism [is] clobbering.	Fanning is exceptional, anchoring the film with the confidence of an actress thrice her age.	Hounddog boasts a distinctive wood-and-emerald look and several crackerjack performances.	Suggests a Black Snake Moan origin story as conceived by Blanche Devereaux.	An exploitation movie about people lacking even a modicum of common sense--in this case '50s era Southerners--writer/director Deborah Kampmeier's "Hounddog" is an insult to its audience and to the actors that signed on for her abysmal experiment.	Despite a noble effort from Dakota Fanning, Hounddog is overwrought, cliche-ridden and downright exploitative.
Game of Shadows reminded me of nothing so much as another lackluster sequel released this year: The Hangover, Part 2..	As it stands, with its engrossing-yet-obscured-by-over-the-top-CGI plot, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is little more than elementary, my dear moviegoer.	The whole movie, chock full of queer undertone, is one long sly smile-and deliciously so.	The bromance nearly boils over in this messy but satisfying sequel to the 2009 feature.	What you get with 'A Game of Shadows' is a story that never runs out of steam and a pleasurable evening's entertainment.	Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is a good yarn thanks to its well-matched leading men but overall stumbles duplicating the well-oiled thrills of the original.
Supercop isn't art, but it sure is great junk food.	With martial arts superstar Jackie Chan, older may be better.	Don't go into this film expecting a lot of deep meaning or heavy emotions, but if you like action films you will be entertained.	[Chan and Yeoh's] spirited verbal sparring packs as strong a kick as their martial arts moves.	It's not my favorite Jackie Chan film, but it's still a good one.	Blending hand-to-hand combat with breathtaking stunts and slapstick comedy, Supercop reminds us why Jackie Chan is one of the world's great entertainers.
Instead of making a blockbuster Superman movie, Snyder has turned the Superman narrative into yet another modern day blockbuster.	The Man of Steel is not super, man. Not even close.	Chaotic and unfocused.	It's not a bad time at the movies as far as alien movies go; it just doesn't have the Superman magic.	Cavill makes for a very solid Superman but it's a one-note portrait thanks to the limited screenplay.	Man of Steel provides exhilarating action and spectacle to overcome its detours into generic blockbuster territory.
[Jolie is] probably the most dynamic action star in the movies right now and certainly the most exotic.	Because Salt takes itself with the poker face seriousness of the Bourne pictures only serves to make it more laughable.	Devoid of thrills, excitement and cleverness, despite an abundance of slick action sequences and Angelina Jolie's sizzling physique---errr---performance. For more bang for your buck, go watch Inception instead.	None of it fits together very well, and if you can't see the big U-turn in the plot before it occurs, your multiplex occupancy permit should be revoked.	Streamlining the espionage thriller to its finest essences, Salt efficiently moves its pieces into place and proceeds to knock over the dominoes for a gloriously unrelenting hour.	Angelina Jolie gives it her all in the title role, and her seasoned performance is almost enough to save Salt from its predictable and ludicrous plot.
The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.	Triad Election is something like a surprise candy, with a hard, sweet veneer and a shockingly bitter center.	The movieâ(TM)s most powerful component is political.	If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.	Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.	Taking its cues from the Godfather series, Triad Election understands how a giddy mix of thrills and gunplay can make for compelling cinema.
A funny, cleverly-conceived, heartfelt expression of a point of view that is not nearly my own.	One of the best and most thought-provoking American comedies to come along in some considerable time.	It's bogged down in too many squishy romantic-comedy pieties.	The last third of the movie is as bad as anything I've seen this year, with the laughs trailing off, and half of the supporting characters, the zestier ones, being airbrushed from the frame.	Ricky Gervais' new film isn't as out-and-out funny as you might have hoped, but it's still got some funny moments.	It doesn't quite follow through on its promise, and relies too heavily on shopworn romantic comedy tropes, but The Invention of Lying is uncommonly sly and funny.
Women of the Third World unite, Moolaadé shouts. You have nothing to lose at all.	One of the strongest films ever to emerge from Africa.	The barbarity of female genital mutilation are explored with true drama.	I highly recommend seeking this film out.	"Moolaade" works as a stirring parable for any community where progressive citizens and regressive policies collide.	A vibrant, powerful, and poignant glimpse into the struggles of women in modern Africa.
In searching for his father, a hurt, neglected and previously unknown son has made an impressive work of art.	My Architect, Nathaniel's rapturous and rigorous portrait, reconciles the great artist with the lousy paterfamilias.	Kahn and cinematographer Robert Richman work miracles, capturing the majesty and beauty of Kahn's buildings.	By the end of My Architect, Kahn has learned that the central contradiction of his father's life can't be resolved -- and that realization becomes the filmmaker's solace and the film's triumph.	Appeals on several levels. The son's journey is compelling, but there's also the draw of celebrity: The fact that he had a famous father who dreamed big and built even bigger.	A moving and enlightening documentary about architect Louis Kahn.
Cheap, silly, and not as good as its sequels, but still plenty of fun thanks to the dynamic duo of Raimi and Campbell	In the league of "Night of the Living Dead" and "Jaws" where it continues to be immortal and outlive other horror classics in the face of changing movie going sentiment...	The films strength lies within Raimi's innovative filming techniques, especially in regards to his now patented manic camera angles, POV shots, and ferocious tracking shots.	No serious subtext to be found here, just vigorous love and respect for the simultaneous horror and humor inherent to the genre.	A testament to how bliss and the spark of inspiration can elevate a film of any budget in any genre from routine to sublime.	This classic low budget horror film combines just the right amount of gore and black humor, giving The Evil Dead an equal amount of thrills and laughs.
3-D adaptation of classic holiday tale may scare young kids.	The motion capture animation is top-notch and it's hard not to be impressed with what Robert Zemeckis has wrought, even if there's the occasional sense he's pandering to an audience that can't get through a 90 minute story without a few yuks and a chase.	A Christmas Carol is certainly set to win the nation's attention. With all this hype, we'd hoped for something a bit more special.	'My next project is to motion capture some hair and comb it over my 3D scalp,' said Zemeckis.	Robert Zemeckis finds eye-popping, high-tech new life in Dickens' hoary chestnut.	Robert Zemeckis' 3-D animated take on the Dickens classic tries hard, but its dazzling special effects distract from an array of fine performances from Jim Carrey and Gary Oldman.
Pure weirdo fun.	Repo Man has the type of unerring energy that leaves audiences breathless and entertained.	Gloriously weird and wonderful, and may Mr. Stanton's line about 'ordinary people' long resound.	It's very entertaining, and though it's rude in an R-rated way, it has the good taste never to promise more than it can deliver.	If it sometimes feels a bit like warmed-over John Waters, it's still a pretty audacious work. Any movie containing a Spanish version 'Secret Agent Man' gets bonus points.	Repo Man is many things: an alien-invasion film, a punk-rock musical, a send-up of consumerism. One thing it isn't is boring.
It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.	Images drift towards the skeletal story like moths, refusing direct interpretation. But what's important is the seeing.	If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...	The film's stark approach to the fantastic and supernatural won't appeal to the mainstream, despite a distinctive and visually arresting presentation.	Throughout Uncle Boonmee, Weerasethakul sees weirdness and wonder in the mundane, from the taste of tea to a daylight stroll across a field alive with the buzz of honeybees.	Languorous and deeply enigmatic, Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee represents an original take on the ghosts that haunt us.
The carload of codgers in Fred Schepisi's Last Orders merely bellyache, philosophize, crack unfunny jokes, and ruminate simplemindedly about Death.	By film's end, Last Orders becomes a male weepy of the rarest kind: one that earns its tears.	Old people will love this movie, and I mean that in the nicest possible way: Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship.	Fred Schepisi's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point.	An enervated, overly muted drama that should have been a lot livelier, considering the terrific cast.	With a cast that includes some of the best acting talent in Britain, Last Orders is a rewarding character-driven ensemble piece.
Part road-movie, part restaurant-review, 100% hilarious.	"The Trip" just seems forced without ever reaching the sort of cathartic climax it approximates.	The project suffers badly from being largely improvised as the pair fall back on familiar impressions and old jokes. Lazy and indulgent, it smacks of being what the British call a "jolly," that is a freebie with no obligation to turn in work afterward.	The movie offers enough good one-liners, both comic and ruminative, to hold one's interest, but don't expect much else.	The pinch of pathos in this tart comedy makes the "The Trip" a transportive experience.	Amiable, funny and sometimes insightful, The Trip works as both a showcase for the enduring chemistry between stars Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon and an unexpected perusal of men entering mid-life crises.
If you're interested in looking at creative carnage, The Final Destination has just want you want. And in 3D, too.	This isn't a franchise, it's an arcade game.	Some scares, some humour and some fun to be had from the 3D. A multiplex movie that does what it says on the tin.	It amounts to a kind of formulaic silliness, where horrific things only really happen to unreal people.	One severed head is worth a thousand words.	With little of the ingenuity of previous installments, The Final Destination is predictable, disposable horror fare.
A top-notch study of family angst.	Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet.	Demonstrates why nowadays the best thing you can say about an American movie is that it plays like a French film.	How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood. It's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects, but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones.	A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart.	How I Killed My Father is a penetrating character study of father-son ties.
It's the eternal question.	...the film wages a war against one's moral senses in a story that's unforgettable.	The gross-out humor lacks edge, the guilt never kicks in, and the outrages are predictable. It's one flat brewski.	...hollow, simple-minded and about as profound an experience as stepping in a pile of road kill.	Very Bad Things is a well-constructed study of the human psyche and how it eventually cracks under intense pressure.	Mean-spirited and empty.
After a zippy first hour, the wackos wear out their welcome and the director, perversely, fails to show the big concert.	What Masked and Anonymous does best is bring to mind the words of another solitary dude, Clint Eastwood: 'A man's gotta know his limitations.'	The idea of a movie where Dylan essentially plays himself sounds kind of promising. Maybe someday that movie will get made. It's not this one.	Movies are much too representational and finite to accommodate the Möbius strips of Dylan's language.	A rambling, disjointed, semi-coherent hodgepodge that plays like a parody of a bad Dylan song.	Unintelligible and self-indulgent Bob Dylan vehicle.
A pale imitation of the original Winnie the Pooh Disney shorts of the '60s.	I think this movie is perfect for kids my age, 9, or younger.	There's something about The Tigger Movie that exemplifies the subpar state of movies today.	The dialogue is kid-level funny and the animation often has the manic energy of Alice in Wonderland.	My 4-year-old niece Rachael (who, for the record, loved the movie, as did her 6-year-old sister Megan and 2-year-old sister Emily) astutely compared 'Tigger' to 'The Last Unicorn,' one of her personal favorites...	Tigger Movie may lack the technological flash and underlying adult sophistication of other recent animated movies, but it's fun and charming.
Murray nicely shelves his wise-guy persona in a winning comedy.	Murray, with his curious blend of pathos and aggressiveness, is terrific, and so is an acutely uptight Dreyfuss, never once copping a plea for our sympathy.	Above all else, What About Bob? addresses the way many a patient feels when his psychiatrist has the nerve to go away without giving a thought to his problems. Perhaps it is just one desperate cosmic cry for help. Then again, maybe it's a threat.	If you're a little discerning, you wont make the distance.	Its less is more approach makes for a brilliantly constructed plot in which Murray becomes more and more obnoxious and Dreyfuss is gradually driven to distraction by his eccentric little ways.	Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfuss' chemistry helps make the most of a familiar yet durable premise, elevating What About Bob? into the upper ranks of '90s comedies.
Creaky and overinstructive.	Chicago 10 brandishes enough sickening reality (Chicago police clubbing protestors, etc.) to make the audience gasp with astonishment.	Chicago 10 is definitely worth a look for skeptics young and old.	Filmmaker Brett Morgen returns with another livelier-than-usual entry in the nonfiction field, a portrait of '60s activism that mixes vintage footage with cartoon-animated re-enactments.	The first sign that somebody will be wholly unable to effectively communicate with kids today is when they refer to them as "kids today."	Brett Morgan's half-animated, half-documentary film is an arresting, sometimes visionary portrait of the historic and chaotic trial.
Paul Newman and George Kennedy are at their best at this popular prison drama, which drew on the Depression era film, I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang. Quote to remember: "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."	Cool Hand Luke rivals only One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest as the best movie ever made about men locked up.	A seminal work.	Cool Hand Luke is the most engaging allegory of Christ.	Cool Hand Luke (1967) is the moving character study of a non-conformist, anti-hero loner who bullheadedly resists authority and the Establishment.	Though hampered by Stuart Rosenberg's direction, Cool Hand Luke is held aloft by a stellar script and one of Paul Newman's most indelible performances.
Borrowing liberally from classic evil-children horrors, the gruesome deaths are inventive, but this is more about killer set-pieces than a satisfying story. A respectable genre outing.	The idea of cosseted middle-class tots becoming feral psychopaths has potential, though most of it is squandered by uncertain direction and some unconvincing psychology.	The Children could be a blackly comic warning to give kids their MMR jabs, an anti (or pro) abortion metaphor (one male victim looks like they're giving birth and Toynton's character was almost aborted), or simply a bloody, good horror film.	The fundamentally disturbing and creepy aspects about such random and unpredictable child-centric mayhem are always present, no matter how ludicrously intense and darkly humorous things get.	All build and no bang.	Unsettling and spine-chilling low-budget British horror, with effective and disturbing scares.
Love Crime is a slick French cinema croissant filled with sweet and sour revenge. It may not leave much of an aftertaste, but while you're experiencing it, it's savory.	A brisk, messy, and wholly laughable take on cutthroat business politics	It is less fertile territory than what has gone before but no less satisfying for mystery fans and Sagnier shines in a role that really does allow her to run the gamut from innocent victim to femme fatale.	It's all tease in the first half, and all implausibilities in the second. Still, Thomas is always worth watching, in French or in English, whether her mood be chilly or tropical.	Ludivine Sagnier gives one of her best performances in this seductively nasty "business-world" thriller.	Director Corneau's swan song, Love Crime is smart and typically well-directed, but too thin and formulaic to overcome its melodramatic trappings.
Herz's genius lies in his ability to push beyond the obvious joke into nightmarish territory, until the audience is doubled over with horrified laughter.	American Pie 2 is hysterical fun.	What a portrait of young American manhood as a collective of hormone-addled schnooks -- effete, incapable, soft and doomed, a group of chuckleheads who couldn't find the sky without a sign that pointed up.	Has an ear for adolescent humiliation and clunkiness.	Watching American Pie 2 is like going to a party where only half your friends have shown up.	Being a sequel, American Pie 2 doesn't retain the freshness of the original, nor is it as funny.
While Nurse Betty proves that LaBute has more than one string to his bow, you can't help thinking that he makes more memorable cinema when revelling in misanthropy.	An over-the-map lampoon so well grounded on so many different levels, you gawk at it with a sense of sublime (but curious) appreciation.	Nurse Betty is a film of extremes, offering both tenderness and viciousness, absurdism and genuine emotion.	You get the feeling the makers of Nurse Betty are daring you not to get the big satire they've concocted. And in place of the customary TV laugh track, LaBute simply bludgeons you over the head with jokes.	...unnerving, but never cynical. Violent but never gratuitous....an odd little film with a cracked heart .	Quirky in the best sense of the word, Nurse Betty finds director Neil LaBute corralling a talented cast in service of a sharp, imaginative script.
Not quite inspired lunacy, the film has a game, likable quality and strong sequel potential.	Surprisingly pleasant.	An amiable, highly ingratiating piece of lowbrow entertainment, and the audience of mainly young children and parents I saw it with on Saturday night clearly had a ball. So did I.	The comedy in George of the Jungle is not sophisticated, but it is frequently audacious and irreverent.	Those who remember more may be hoping for more than this predictable kiddie matinee posing as savvy family entertainment.	George of the Jungle is faithful to its source material -- which, unfortunately, makes it a less-than-compelling feature film.
Merely a serviceable action flick, sorely missing both a sense of stylistic clarity as well as the glorious excess this kind of modern western-meets-Indiana Jones affair deserves.	"How can the same thing happen to the same guy twice?" asks a bewildered and ultra-ironic John McClane. Well, make a film as successful as Die Hard and you'll soon find out.	So-so sequel that tries too hard to be the first film.	...as accessible and satisfying a sequel as one might've hoped...	It's rambunctiously entertaining, a loop-de-loopy bumper car ride through a firecracker sky, all bright lights, sonic booms and impossible heroics.	It lacks the fresh thrills of its predecessor, but Die Hard 2 still works as an over-the-top -- and reasonably taut -- big-budget sequel, with plenty of set pieces to paper over the plot deficiencies.
A collaboration between indie auteur director Richard Linklater and taboo-pushing screenwriter Mike White shouldn't feel so mainstream.	Easily one of the funniest films of the year, thanks to a terrific script and a truly hilarious performance from comic powerhouse Jack Black.	A cathartic class comedy for kids of all sizes, it's Bugsy Malone in rock pomp, Slacker meets Spy Kids.	An inspired, invigorating comedy that will have you laughing from its opening moments to its closing credits.	Black's charismatic, hyperactive, adrenaline-infused performance makes the simple storyline come alive.	Black's exuberant, gleeful performance turns School of Rock into a hilarious, rocking good time.
awash in inexplicable incompleteness... uninvolving and inert	I wish they could have just called this what it really is: The Alien and the Vikings Versus the Giant, Nearly-Invisible Monster. But in choosing a boring title like Outlander, they have showed their hand: this movie is no fun at all.	A sci-fi action period piece with generous doses of horror, romance, picturesque scenery, second-hand costumes, and cliche as far as the eye can see. Interested yet?	... a skimpy script with unimaginative characters, mundane dialogue and routine plot twists.	There isn't a single scene in this story about a traveler from another planet who crash-lands on Earth during the Iron Age that doesn't remind you of another, better movie.	Schizophrenic in subject and lackluster in execution, Outlander might have trouble finding the cult audience for which it was built.
Cage surprises you with his portrayal of a man who doesn't care whether the world likes him but discovers he's capable of taking an interest in someone who desperately needs help but can't bring himself to ask.	Poulter's intensity matches Cage's, note for note. The frightening verisimilitude of his portrayal lends the film a cinema verite realism that nicely mutes some of Cage's star power.	Joe may be too bleak and unsparing for some tastes, but it's an adult, accomplished drama that elevates an ordinary story to near-operatic heights.	This kind of character could be deeply unappealing, but Cage appreciates the soulfulness of the story, as well as the swamp of backwoods Americana from which it springs.	For two hours, Cage's bad-thriller past doesn't catch up with him.	Rich in atmosphere and anchored by a powerful performance from Nicolas Cage, Joe is a satisfying return to form for its star -- as well as director David Gordon Green.
The story as a whole may not completely hold up, but the characterizations created have depth and importance.	Frankie isn't a typical award winner, but its calm, kindhearted charms are the selling point here, along with the great performances from the cast.	It poses itself as a feel-good movie. As a result, it ignores the weight its own crimes and therefore feels utterly clueless.	Director Shona Auerbach can't steer clear of the 10-car cliché pileup within Andrea Gibb's tear-jerking script.	It is a sweet, wonderfully acted cameo of a movie about the lengths to which a lioness will go to protect her cub.	Dear Frankie is a small, good-hearted film with fine performances.
It's a very cute film, a very accessible work for children and families.	Ron Clements and John Musker's vibrant, emotionally resonant movie earns extra points for not only giving platform to carry on and trumpet the recently muted voice of majestic and mysterious New Orleans, Louisiana, but also for introducing a princess whos	The issue of race is delicately handled, though, leaving you to hum along to Randy Newman's excellent score, laugh at the screwball interplay between waitress and prince, and drink in the terrific animation.	A joyful lap around familiar Mouse House artistic elements, looking to help rebuild the kingdom brand name with a cushy tale of a princess, smooch-happy amphibians, and the grandeur of turn-of-the-century New Orleans.	A welcome return to the Disney tradition of 2-D animation.	The warmth of traditional Disney animation makes this occasionally lightweight fairy-tale update a lively and captivating confection for the holidays.
Fans of the graphic novel will be thrilled to see their beloved tome tenderly rendered out on the big screen, while those unfamiliar with the material will be left wondering why everybody is making such a highbrow fuss.	Whoever chose the music should get thrown out a window, but there are moments of Snyder's 300 visual flair and a few flashes of character magic.	From first frame to last, Watchmen holds you in its thrall.	Another bold exercise in the liberation of the superhero movie.	An overlong, overstuffed endurance test with precious few highs. Being an adaptation of this particular graphic novel, I can forgive many things, but I can't forgive a film version of Watchmen for being boring.	Gritty and visually striking, Watchmen is a faithful adaptation of Alan Moore's graphic novel, but its complex narrative structure may make it difficult for it to appeal to viewers not already familiar with the source material.
[A] good-natured but insipid vehicle for tween star Selena Gomez...	Happiness in Monte Carlo is just a scream, a whistle, or a dimmer switch away.	...rarely as much fun (or as entertaining) as its premise might've led one to expect.	Silly but sweet travel comedy says to be true to yourself.	Teen girls who want a vicarious overseas jaunt are advised to follow Emma's lead in one scene of Monte Carlo and watch To Catch a Thief instead.	Although it has its charming moments, Monte Carlo is mostly silly, predictable stuff that never pushes beyond the boundaries of formula.
Extraordinarily compelling and gripping.	The performances can be stiff, but a kinetic mix of anxiety, dread, and numbed resignation is always palpable.	The utter believability of the violence, its sudden and final nature, that grip the city [of Medellin] is palpably felt.	The characters aren't particularly likeable.	Schroeder has made his best film.	Director Barbet Schroeder presents a bleak, darkly humorous drama about hopeless love in Medellin, Colombia.
Performances are low key but accomplished, comedy and tragedy are delicately balanced and the whole thing has the feel of a sprawling but very absorbing soap.	Sharp-edged drama set in Los Angeles that captures and conveys the contemporary malaise of soul-sickness.	From the exhilarating opening, you know Altman's epic 'adaptation' of eight stories and a poem by Raymond Carver is going to be special.	Although Altman's masterful hands manage to keep our attention from the beginning till the end, Short Cuts doesn't deserve all of the praise received by the critics.	When you boil it down, there are few movies that demonstrate as well how people's lives seem to randomly intersect, or how much of an impact we have on each other, whether we know it or not.	Robert Altman's ensemble drama deftly integrates its disparate characters and episodes into a funny, poignant, emotionally satisfying whole.
A supremely intelligent, beautifully constructed film, interweaving comedy and character, satire and subtext	The attention that the writer/director [Andrew Bujalski] gives to the look and feel of "Computer Chess" perfectly captures the day.	One of the year's most creative and inventive movies.	Computer Chess will make you scratch your head and wonder what it's up to - but there's no doubt you'll never have seen a film quite like it.	It's the type of film that introduces a type of funny that you didn't know existed, that isn't based in popular culture or punchlines or pratfalls or virtually anything that we've seen before.	With its delightfully retro production design, Computer Chess is an inventive, intelligent, and humorous comedy that celebrates the eccentricity and uniqueness of its subject.
Working with a new cinematographer, Manuel Alberto Claro, von Trier employs super-slow-motion and digitally painted heavenly vistas for operatic effect.	Glorious compositions wedded to rigidly controlled visual hysteria. There's simply nothing like it onscreen.	Von Trier employs an all-star cast, evocative imagery and Wagner's prelude to his opera "Tristan und Isolde" to spectacular, haunting effect.	Despite the modest budget, 'Melancholia' is breathtaking to look at.	There is not much reason for anything in 'Melancholia.' When others fall apart and break down, madness is the only preservative.	Melancholia's dramatic tricks are more obvious than they should be, but this is otherwise a showcase for Kirsten Dunst's acting and for Lars von Trier's profound, visceral vision of depression and destruction.
I don't care how cold it is in Sweden, I'm not Ok with twelve-year-olds who don't wipe their noses. That being said, I just saw something completely unique and surprising. Who knew the vampire genre wasn't over and done with?	The best fantasy stories excel because they give new perspective to real-life issues through the lens of the supernatural, and the Swedish film uses vampirism to tackle adolescence in all its glorious agony.	Vast amounts of empty space take up the formalistic widescreen compositions ... Then there are the sounds: a heartbeat, sniffling, breathing. All these things bring the audience closer to the characters and help make our experience theirs.	A modern genre classic, reinterpreting a familiar story with emotional delicacy and visual force.	A strange, stunning and surprisingly sweet Swedish film about childhood friendship and first love.	Let the Right One In reinvigorates the seemingly tired vampire genre by effectively mixing scares with intelligent storytelling.
...there is a difference between a thriller that wants to terrorize its audience and one that wants to titillate itself.	... a shockingly successful update of a seminal 1970s shocker.	The resulting bloodbath, both nasty and hilarious, is a master class in the art of the remake, wavering somewhere between respectful reimagining and gleeful pastiche.	... a scary, if none-too-original, horror movie. (Unrated)	Tout comme pour le Hostel d'Eli Roth, on sent également que cet excčs de violence est utilisé ŕ des fins beaucoup plus publicitaires que cinématographiques.	Faster paced for today's audiences, this Hills remake ratchets up the gore for the hardcore horror fans, but will turn away casual audiences.
Bacon takes this largely silent film to grimly fascinating heights.	Its ninety minutes whiz past in a blur of conflicting emotions as time is spent digging fingernails into the arms of your chair.	A courageous and often moving drama.	...un portrait délicat, balancé et honnęte d'un pédophile.	A sharp little movie that plunges into expressive pockets of silence, lets its actors speak with expressions as much as dialogue, and builds mood through vivid little images.	Kevin Bacon's performance as a pedophile who is trying to start fresh has drawn raves from critics, who have praised the Woodsman as compelling, creepy, complex and well-crafted.
Scary beyond belief serial killer thriller.	Identity sacrifices a fine cast and an atmospheric setting to spring a surprise that derails the momentum. Worse, the frustrating twist isn't unleashed at the conclusion; it happens near the middle.	There is a great spoof comedy here, but, unfortunately, writer Michael Cooney and director James Mangold play one of the most ludicrous screenplays in recent memory in earnest.	Although the first part of 'Identity' overflows with delicious suspense and creepy atmosphere, the film's plot soon becomes one of its helpless victims.	If being outsmarted by a serial killer flick will hurt your self-esteem, don?t go see it.	Identity is a film that will divide audiences -- the twists of its plot will either impress or exasperate you.
It's not a classic and doesn't have all the tension it maybe should have. It's basically distracting Hollywood thriller fluff that is enjoyable enough in the right mood.	After a promising premise, it soon disintegrates into a preposterous predator/prey tale filled with brutality, bloodshed and butchery.	If you enjoyed Timothy Olyphant as the determined sheriff in HBO's 'Deadwood,' you'll be surprised at how good he is playing a very different type of role here.	A Perfect Getaway has its imperfections, but for a thriller of its kind, it's a lively and slick summer escape.	... terrific piece of filmmaking, so well-tuned that you never see machinery at work until the gears all click into place.	While smarter than the average slasher film, A Perfect Getaway eventually devolves into a standard, predictable, excessively violent thriller.
A much better film than its predecessor. It's smarter, funnier and more action-packed.	A film with the same off-center invention and wild energy as the original.	You've got your chases, you've got your explosions, you've got your destruction of property and death of innocent bystanders -- all this and bonding too.	Sequel adds Joe Pesci to the buddy cop formula.	It's fun stuff -- crackling, playfully escapist summer fare that doesn't make you feel taken advantage of later.	Lethal Weapon 2 may sport a thin plot typical of action fare, but its combination of humor and adrenaline, along with the chemistry between its leads, make this a playful, entertaining sequel.
A visual masterpiece.	Just listen to the music and avoid eye contact with the miscast stars, and you'll have a great time.	If you join me in thinking Webber's Phantom is the most overblown, overrated musical ever, a lopsided victory of style over substance, you'll feel that way about Schumacher's film, because he's loyal to a fault to Webber's rose-tinted vision.	'The Phantom of the Opera', though terrific, remains appealing only for fans of Andrew Lloyd Webber's ostentatious opera.**	The movie misfires as often as it connects.	The music of the night has hit something of a sour note: Critics are calling the screen adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's popular musical histrionic, boring, and lacking in both romance and danger. Still, some have praised the film for its sheer spectacle.
Adolescence was never supposed to be this wholesome.	To say this isn't original is to understate the matter. However, although it's questionable whether this story has ever been done well, that hasn't stopped filmmakers from repeatedly trying.	This is a movie aimed at insecure and immature pre-teens, but gives these impressionable youths hideous role-models and messages.	I really wish the by-the-numbers plot had not let down the performers so much.	This misbegotten comedy makes Beverly Hills 90210 look like a piercing documentary on high school life. To make matters worse, there's no trace of originality or freshness here.	Despite its charming young leads, She's All That can't overcome its predictable, inconsistently funny script.
It captures the heart and spirit of one of the 20th century's most fabled ballet companies, with a history that stretches continents and decades.	I would have thought that sitting there for two hours listening to people talk about ballet, of all things, would quickly put me to sleep. But I was fascinated and walked out of the screening invigorated.	Warmly humane, but never sentimental.	Ballets Russes may not be the greatest dance documentary ever made, but it could well be the most accessible and touching.	A daisy chain of touching now-and-then moments.	Even if you know little about ballet, there is much to love about this documentary's captivating archival footage and its interviews with elderly former dancers who have much to share.
Another day, another story. Rewriting history in 'The Emperor's New Clothes'	As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys' novel "The Death of Napoleon" and directed by Alan Taylor, Napoleon's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn	At times, it waxes a little saccharine, but it believes fervently in its characters and story, and makes us believe in them too.	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm...the film is funny, insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs.	Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm's performance, the film would be a total washout.	The premise of The Emperor's New Clothes is intriguing, and Holm gives a delightful performance.
Its emotional honesty and depth, tender and humane humour and remarkable sensual splendour place Manhattan among Allen's best.	If Manhattan was only a romantic comedy, it would be a very good one, but the fact that the movie has so much more ambition than the 'average' entry into the genre makes it an extraordinary example of the fusion of entertainment and art.	My favorite movie of all time!	Allen's cynicism rears its head in this movie quite a bit, and in many ways he pokes fun at his own audience, though I doubt his die-hard fans catch it.	Allen's stunning use of black-and-white cinematography (by Gordon Willis) and music score by Gershwin makes this meditation on love and life in New York one of his most memorable.	One of Woody Allen's early classics, Manhattan combines modern, bittersweet humor and timeless romanticism with unerring grace.
Why doesn't the Wolf just devour Red Riding Hood and put us out of this misery?	Bland, derivative, and palpably low-rent in almost every conceivable facet.	As with the wicked witch, there's something inherently untrustworthy, even slapdash, about this whole affair.	Apart from Hader and Poehler's hilariously overblown German accents as Hansel and Gretel, none of these actors seem to be having (or providing) much fun.	While it seems there's no getting away from this marketing aesthetic, the resemblance at times to a video game is far, far too acute.	It may add 3D to the original, but Hoodwinked Too! is missing the first installment's wit and refreshingly low-budget charm.
It's the sort of solemn production that is often mentioned as an Academy Award contender.This says less about the quality of the film than it does about its self-consciously lofty tone and its sense of self-importance.	By the end of the film, the mysteries are resolved, the characters have stolen your heart, and two great romances have blossomed.	This masterful piece of cinema showcases the talents of some of the screen's best.	It's a tragically lovely story about the cruel devastation of selfish and ungoverned love. It's also one of the best movies in a long, long time.	It took a filmmaker with Anthony Minghella's vision to even attempt an adaptation of Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient. And it took a filmmaker with Minghella's talent to pull it off.	Though it suffers from excessive length and ambition, director Minghella's adaptation of the Michael Ondaatje novel is complex, powerful, and moving.
A great example of the Emotionally Stunted Men Grow A Heart sub-genre. Role Models staves off the January blues and puts a marker down as 2009's laugh-out-loud comedy to beat.	A riotous comedy from director David Wain.	In this brand of comedy, nothing succeeds like excess, and this film is seriously deficient.	If the picture sometimes seems like little more than a clothesline for gags, and its dude-child characters are beginning to look a little shopworn, and it sinks into raucous silliness toward the end, it's still consistently funny...	You know exactly where it's going, but you're happy anyway because the most predictable part of the movie is how much it will make you laugh.	Role Models is a frequently crude, always funny comedy with the cast providing solid work throughout.
Though not much seen on these shores, Italian cinema, to judge by The Last Kiss, is alive and well.	Painted with broad strokes but with a palette of rich, colorful details.	The Last Kiss isn't all that challenging; it torments its characters but leaves the audience relatively unscathed. But more movies should be so funny and perceptive, with writing this sharp and acting this believable.	Muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up.	In spite of the adolescent behavior of its players, it manages to charm.	Well-preformed, but it's nothing we haven't seen before.
The elegant contours of The Illusionist are even more impressive compared with Christopher Nolan's clutter of double and triple crosses in The Prestige.	Itchy and Scratchy and Houdini	The Prestige earns high praise as a terrific historical thriller, but also because it grasps the medium's links to this subject so uncannily well.	Jackman and Bale give standout performances as rivals whose mutual obsession destroys all sense of perspective and ruins lives.	Expect to leave exhilarated and more than a bit disturbed.	Full of twists and turns, The Prestige is a dazzling period piece that never stops challenging the audience.
Good as Lohan is, she's better with interesting material.	It's very difficult not to get on board with this quirky comedy.	Just My Luck takes an intriguing idea and goes nowhere with it.	Filmmakers were lucky to pick the perfect co-stars for 'Just My Luck.'	When I sat down to watch Donald Petrie's "Just My Luck," I was in the mood for a light comedy that would add sunshine to my lousy day. Instead, I was subjected to such mindless fluff that my mood just got worse.	Just My Luck is a screwball rom-com that fails to take advantage of Lindsay Lohan's considerable charm. The film (along with Robert Altman's A Prairie Home Companion) marks the end of Lohan's teen queen phase as she begins playing characters that are older, but not necessarily wiser. Lohan's character is supposedly cursed with bad luck, though the movie confuses misfortune with plain stupidity, leading Lohan into a long series of silly and senseless physical gags.
If weirdness is what you want, then you can't do any wrong seeing a David Cronenberg film.	Simultaneously stupefying and boring, Videodrome is too extreme a blunder to survive exposure to a justifiably disillusioned horror-movie public.	Cronenberg was ahead of his time with this gross-out horror flick.	Cronenberg continues his growth out of more obvious horror realms and ups the stakes with heavier philosophical entreaties for his characters to endure.	Thematically, it connects easily with most other titles in the Cronenberg oeuvre, with the added treat of having been released far ahead of its time.	Visually audacious, disorienting, and just plain weird, Videodrome's musings on technology, entertainment, and politics still feel fresh today.
A resplendent motion picture.	The combination of Kelly's dance and charisma, Gershwin's music and Minneli's direction makes this a movie that's hugely enjoyable, even for those who don't generally look for movies that are packed with dancing.	Imperfect, then, but intermittently awe-inspiring.	A triumph for tireless dance advocate Kelly, the Freed Unit, and the American musical itself. [Blu-ray]	Visually rich musical, with creative ballet finale.	The plot may be problematic, but such concerns are rendered superfluous by Gene Kelly and Leslie Caron's star power, the Gershwins' classic songs, and Vincente Minnelli's colorful, sympathetic direction.
It's a beautiful film, if a difficult one to love, an adaptation in form of "Thanatopsis" that hears Nature speak with a forked tongue	in order to prove his thesis that all humans are evil, von Trier has to create his characters as monsters. And if they're monsters, then they're completely devoid of the humanity needed for the audience to identify with them, however unwillingly.	Pretentious, explicit, and, at times, unequivocally ridiculous.	A grueling, unpleasant exercise in cinematic sadism.	While there's no doubt that the place he goes is off a precipitous edge, one can't deny the film's continuing primal power.	Gruesome, explicit and highly controversial; Lars Von Triers arthouse-horror, though beautifully shot, is no easy ride.
Human Resources was a good, straightforward tale, but Time Out is better. It's haunting. It's like a poem.	a confident, richly acted, emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film	...a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job...	Together [Time Out and Human Resources] establish Mr. Cantet as France's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace.	It is the kind of fine, original work that critics and discriminating filmgoers applaud.	A haunting psychological drama, Time Out takes a penetrating look at the angst of the modern worker.
In the right empty-tank mindset, you'll laugh during the entire 83-minute running time, walk out when it's over, tell your friends that it mostly sucked, but still halfway recommend it.	An entertaining enough distraction but not the must-see it might have been.	...a check-your-brains-at-the-door sort of comedy, where you shouldn't waste a moment considering the logic of plot or characterization.	Jesse Eisenberg goes from the sublime to the ridiculous as he follows up 'The Social Network' with this dumb/dumber movie.	I'd still say you should see it if you like the people involved, but expect a movie that leaves you smiling without ever quite pushing you over to the full-blown laughter that all that talent might suggest.	It's sporadically funny and it benefits from a talented cast, but 30 Minutes or Less suffers from a disjointed narrative, and too often mistakes crude gags for true lowbrow humor.
Something New has all of the subtlety and nuance I found lacking in Crash	This is a romantic comedy with a lot on its mind.	It's just too bad that this half-realized concept is tethered to an utterly unconvincing, warmed-over interracial romance rooted more in Harlequin fantasy than social realism.	Something old is new again	Hamri delivers a thoughtful, entertaining, imperfect but solidly adult movie about the inconvenient path of true love.	Something New tackles serious questions about race and interracial relationships with genuine appeal and an alluring romance that develops as naturally as the plot.
A fine, sincere piece of bittersweet delight.	One of the very best animated films ever made.	A wonderful and enchanting animated film about a 13-year-old girl's initiation into adulthood through her adventures in a strange city.	...a visual swoon over the delights of flight.	An excellent alternative to much of the frenetic, princess-driven fare that seems to dominate the genre.	Kiki's Delivery Service is a heartwarming, gorgeously-rendered tale of a young witch discovering her place in the world.
Moving, touching and beautifully acted. The question: Do audiences want to spend two hours watching an old couple go from sad to sadder to saddest?	In the history of movies about love, Amour shall last forever.	A film so honest in dealing with end-of-life issues that its purity is a positive rebuke to all the maudlin movies on the subject.	This subject matter is ripe for sentimentalization, but Haneke resists it at every turn, opting instead for unflinching honesty. It is the economy of theme paired with the subtle richness of character that make Amour so powerful.	In a film that's so explicitly cathartic for the filmmaker, there's a whole lotta catharsis withheld for the audience.	With towering performances and an unflinching script from Michael Haneke, Amour represents an honest, heartwrenching depiction of deep love and responsibility.
The picture is a two-hour almost continuous gale of laughter with sidesplitting gags generously distributed throughout the five major sequences and the several minor ones.	A worthy last hurrah for an immortal character, for a great body of work, and for a whole era of cinema.	Remains Chaplin's most sustained burlesque of authority.	The picture is grand fun and sound entertainment, though silent. It's the old Chaplin at his best, looking at his best -- young, pathetic and a very funny guy.	Chaplin's sentimental but keenly satirical swipe at the mechanization of everyday life is by consensus the last of the great silent features.	A slapstick skewering of industrialized America, Modern Times is as politically incisive as it is laugh-out-loud hilarious.
If you manage to stick around for joy, it's probably because -- like me --you dig the original score by Graham Massey.	Frankie Wilde's ride is a wild one indeed, and IT'S ALL GONE PETE TONG manages to capture the essence of both his madness and genius	Helmer's own script feels unfocused and semi-improvisational, with good ideas that should've been taken further, and some not-so-good ones that overstay their welcome.	We're supposed to feel for Frankie and root for him to overcome his impediment and find happiness. The only problem is that he's been such a shallow, ridiculous figure that exhuming any real sympathy for the guy is a Herculean task.	Somehow, [it] works-like the music at its heart, there isn't much depth, but the glittering surface is entertaining enough to while away the night.	Part raucous mockumentary, part drama-filled biopic, It's All Gone Pete Tong amuses and warms hearts with its touching, comic, and candid look at a musician faced with a career-ending handicap.
Amusing from beginning to end, a heartwarming relationship at its core, and its love for classic horror worn on its sleeve, Frankenweenie is one of Tim Burton's best.	[T]he Tim Burton-est movie... in a long while, not merely because it embodies all those wonderfully weird and humanist Burton attitudes but also because only Burton would think to make a stop-motion film in glorious, creamy, black-and-white.	I got very emotional during certain scenes because of Victor and Sparky's relationship. They have such a great relationship and dog lovers will definitely feel that connection the whole time. Burton's best movie since Big Fish.	By revisiting an idea from his past, Tim Burton feels emotionally connected to his material - and, by extension, his audience - for the first time in years.	Fun-filled and spooky - a weirdly wonderful animated comedy.	Frankenweenie is an energetic stop-motion horror movie spoof with lovingly crafted visuals and a heartfelt, oddball story.
As a director, Eastwood's storytelling is subtle and his translation of adventure is quick and dirty.	The screenplay is another one of those violence revues, with carnage production numbers slotted every so often.	Still Eastwood's best directorial effort for my money.	Eastwood whups 'em again	...welcome entertainment, straightforward Hollywood filmmaking at its best.	Recreating the essence of his iconic Man With No Name in a post-Civil War Western, director Clint Eastwood delivered the first of his great revisionist works of the genre.
Emmerich builds his global disaster invigoratingly and the special effects team are to be commended, but the screenplay is a holey assemblage of cliche and borrowings	It's all preposterously over the top yet scary as hell, in a visceral, pit-of-the-stomach way, and I can't wait to see it again.	Emmerich's point with The Day After Tomorrow isn't to play politics or make speeches, but to entertain. And, in the cataclysmic way he has become known for, he does so.	Let's put it this way: They won't be giving Roland Emmerich an honorary doctorate in meteorology.	The second half ... is comically bad moviemaking.	A ludicrous popcorn flick filled with clunky dialogues, but spectacular visuals save it from being a total disaster.
Not the dramatic showstopper one might be expecting, but it also isn't without humanity and a pleasing impartiality.	Doubt, which on the page burns with stark simplicity, has gotten a little cluttered in the translation. But if you want to see remarkable screen acting, ignore the howling wind and watch these faces.	The cast is so good that it's possible to forgive that the material they're performing isn't as thought provoking as it could have been.	As a person who had the glasses literally slapped from his face by a Roman Catholic sister in elementary school, I can testify that it's hard to exaggerate when portraying a nun.	I loved Doubt, except for the giant spider.	Doubt succeeds on the strength of its top-notch cast, who successfully guide the film through the occasional narrative lull.
Korine is tap-dancing so fast that it's never really clear exactly what he's up to, but none of it adds up to much in the end.	In turns appealing and horrifying, Spring Breakers is Korine's most cogent take yet on society's outsiders.	Unexpectedly great. [Korine] hasn't just tapped into the youthful, throbbing pulse of the party--he's analyzed the dash between the wub-wub.	As edgy and in-your-face as Fight Club, Spring Breakers may be just as divisive.	Korine manages to make much of the film into a "Natural Born Killers"-style pop patchwork with a videogame-influenced lack of morality.	Spring Breakers blends stinging social commentary with bikini cheesecake and a bravura James Franco performance.
A powerfully uplifting film.	The Hurricane simply loses focus on its strengths at times, wandering into familiar territory for its emotional catharsis.	Its celebration of a spirit that refused to go down for the count is the important thing here, and Washington gets it shiningly right.	Jewison shows a disciplined approach to moviemaking that many directors would be well-advised to follow.	Washington elevates the earnest, occasionally simplistic narrative to the level of a genuinely touching moral expose.	Thanks in large part to one of Denzel Washington's most powerful on-screen performances, The Hurricane is a moving, inspirational sports drama, even if it takes few risks in telling its story.
A big, incoherent bore, interesting only as an example of assembly-line movie-making gone awry.	Launched with a few surprising touches and a disturbingly bloody prelude, horror pic collapses under the weight of its own dull conception and weak direction, dialogue and character portraits.	A stupid, derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense.	...to end the film the producers use a plot device so old it needs a hip replacement.	Although there are several truly jolting scares, there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at.	With a plot as creaky as the boat, Ghost Ship fails to deliver the scares.
[An] extremely well-made message picture about tolerance, justice and discrimination is pitched at mainstream audiences, befitting its position as the first major Hollywood film to directly tackle the disease.	The story is timely and powerful, and the performances of Hanks and Washington assure that the characters will not immediately vanish into obscurity.	Philadelphia may not be the film Demme's fans expect--its emotionalism is unfiltered by cool. But it has the power to open more than a few blinkered hearts.	Arguably, the horror of death from Aids has been sanitized for popular consumption, but nevertheless it is a brave and commendable effort.	It's less like a film by Demme than the best of Frank Capra. It is not just canny, corny and blatantly patriotic, but compassionate, compelling and emotionally devastating.	Philadelphia indulges in some unfortunate clichés in its quest to impart a meaningful message, but its stellar cast and sensitive direction are more than enough to compensate.
If the very most basic plot is a little too much like some of those incompetently made French sex-romps that show up on late-night cable, everything else is first-rate in this production.	The creepy plot still holds a certain fascination.	Witty, entertaining, if occasionally overripe.	A scintillating study of sexual politics that skillfully presents the cruel ways two malevolent protagonists manipulate their targets and deceive others around them.	Stephen Frears' direction is superb -- the design and lighting evoke simultaneous worlds of privilege and squalor, and while the nature of day-to-day life in 18th century France becomes readily apparent, it never becomes distracting.	Stylish, seductive, and clever, Stephen Frears' adaptation is a wickedly entertaining exploration of sexual politics.
Partly compensates for its shortcomings by adopting a deeper, more analytical approach to its portrayal of endemic police and political corruption.	Throttles forward with remarkable aplomb and easily leaves the original in the dust.	A fast-paced, hard-hitting Brazilian police thriller.	A film that grabs you by the shirtfront and rarely lets up its grip.	The pace is quick, the violence is rough, and the visual style is documentary as Padilha hammers home his point: Someone is forever in the pocket of someone else as The System constantly adapts to protect itself.	Elite Squad: The Enemy Within is a bleak, violent descent into the Brazilian underbelly, ripping into the favelas with unstoppable and kinetic force.
This excellent struggle of a dad to keep his son by his side is a pure classic, with Hoffman at his best.	[A] fine, witty, moving, most intelligent adaptation of Avery Corman's best-selling novel.	What could so easily have become something false and tacky is handled with truth and restraint.	Benton's direction must first be praised for his choice of actors and his collaboration with them.	In confronting marriage break-up and its impact on children, [it] still provides an outlet for audiences to relate to these difficult issues, which is still a wonderful thing.	The divorce subject isn't as shocking, but the film is still a thoughtful, well-acted drama that resists the urge to take sides or give easy answers.
Lame period film set in a remote girls' boarding school never takes off. All-too-familiar tensions among students and their troubled instructor go unresolved.	For much of Cracks' first two-thirds, Scott and company avoid the obvious melodramatic beats and just let the story unfold, even as the narrative shifts its attention from character to character.	In many ways "Cracks" is lurid and rickety. But its gripping ensemble performances lend it an emotional intensity that outweighs its shortcomings.	The presence of Ridley and Tony Scott's names among Crack's 16 listed producers is probably the main reason it's currently in a cinema near you, rather than languishing in development hell.	"Cracks" is a bit of a knock-off, but it's a sturdily assembled vessel for a promising director and cast.	Atomospheric but not much else, Cracks is a formless film in search of compelling drama.
Impressively directed and sharply written, this is an engaging and frequently very funny comedy-thriller with a terrific central performance from Brendan Gleeson.	It may be well-worn territory, but thanks to the awards-worthy leading performance from Brendan Gleeson and a sharp, witty script, The Guard is a winner.	This movie made me smile and even laugh out loud. In fact, it gave me more pleasure than any aliens, robots or superheroes have all summer. That's because it's doggedly offbeat and completely original...	It belongs to Gleeson, whose thickly accented growl lends a lyrical quality to McDonagh's wordplay in one of the year's funniest and most spirited offerings.	The film is entertaining, surprising and Gleeson is once again on top of his game. If only director McDonagh had made some room for Cheadle and Mark Strong to shine as well.	A violent, crackerjack comedy with a strong Irish flavor and an emminently likable Brendan Gleeson in the main role.
Kristen Stewart ever runs out of "Snow White" sequels, this is what her post "Twilight" career should look like.	Ken Hixon's script contrives a lot of mutual-healing set pieces and then sadly but shrewdly aborts them...	An engaging, if tense, viewing experience.	Jake Scott's Welcome to the Rileys is so underwritten that, despite a more energetic performance, Stewart makes much less of an impression.	The film works because its stars make up a trifecta of terrific performers who overcome the clichés inherent in their characters.	Despite earnest performances, Welcome to the Rileys cannot escape its belabored over-sentimentality and sluggish delivery.
A richly textured and thoroughly engrossing drama that ranks with indie filmmaker John Sayles' finest work.	John Sayles is in fine form here, thanks in no small part to an excellent cast.	Sayles' witty, vividly demotic dialogue knocks even Tarantino for six, the characterisations are uniformly colourful and credible, the soundtrack and the widescreen camerawork exemplary ...	John Sayles does great dialogue, even when the genre is action.	The great, stirring epic "Lone Star" stands as a peak in the career of John Sayles, who already has such admirably serious films to his credit.	Smart and absorbing, Lone Star represents a career high point for writer-director John Sayles -- and '90s independent cinema in general.
Not the perfect Bond film, but it still represents the series in its zenith and provides excellent entertainment even after more than three decades.	Sean Connery's fourth Bond film, Thunderball, slips from the peak of From Russia with Love and Goldfinger, but still provides plenty of thrills of the brand only 007 can provide. [Blu-ray]	The color is handsome. The scenery in the Bahamas is an irresistible lure. Even the violence is funny. That's the best I can say for a Bond film.	Even James Bond can miss his mark.	Connery's Bond was never better than this.	Lavishly rendered set pieces and Sean Connery's enduring charm make Thunderball a big, fun adventure, even if it doesn't quite measure up to the series' previous heights.
Like Can't Hardly Wait, it's a curiously straight-faced attempt to make an '80s comedy for an audience too young to remember the halcyon days of Alf.	The screenplay hangs a lampshade on the trope of people who are stuck in time.	Dowse achieves a level of sincerity and comic bite that transcends the efficient but sometimes painfully obvious screenplay.	Take Me Home Tonight should have the cinematic equivalent of a biohazardous waste warning on it to make sure people stay away and don't get exposed to it.	Another forgettable entry in the already overfilled ranks of middling boys-will-be-boys rib-ticklers.	It has a charming sweetness about it, but Take Me Home Tonight is neither funny nor original enough to live up to the comedies it evokes.
What you get with When in Rome is a surprisingly good romantic comedy.	When in Rome is a rom-bomb.	When in Rome never delves deep into anything, but whisks us through the conventions of romantic comedies so quickly there's barely time to groan.	a solid romantic comedy in every regard and avoids being the standard entertaining 'chick flick' by being very enjoyable for both sexes.	We get three acts of labored slapstick wrung from an eye-roller of a premise.	A pair of young, attractive leads can't overcome When in Rome's reliance on unfunny gags and threadbare rom-com clichés.
there is no urgency, no smoldering passion and no excitement in The Tourist	a leisurely thriller, more interesting than heart-stopping, with an unfortunate tendency to stall	Venice is pretty alright, but like its namesake (or, for that matter, like a kidney stone), The Tourist is just passing through.	Jolie is gorgeous, but photographed in reverent profile, like a Roman coin. Depp is amusingly droll, but it turns out that "mild" for this great actor looks a lot like "sleepy."	Von Donnersmarck's meat-and-potatoes direction makes The Tourist astonishingly lifeless and awkward, reducing two of the world's biggest movie stars to something akin to shy, pimply teenagers on their first date.	The scenery and the stars are undeniably beautiful, but they can't make up for The Tourist's slow, muddled plot, or the lack of chemistry between Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie.
Hackman and Freeman will pin you to your seat.	Though flawed and not nearly as electrifying as the material promises, the project still squeaks by thanks to taut direction and solid acting.	Under Suspicion works less as an absorbing story than an absorbing work of craftsmanship.	A psychological thriller about the masks people wear and the games they play.	A worthy vehicle and tour de force for both Gene Hackman and Morgan Freeman.	Though Hackman and Freeman turn in solid performances, Under Suspicion moves at a plodding rate and has a disappointing ending.
The young cast is all game, and sidekicks Robert Capron and Grayson Russell are a real hoot. Slumber party viewings are inevitable.	Diary of a Wimpy Kid is an amusing romp through the awkward years of middle school.	Gordon has an engaging screen presence that keeps us on his side.	A litany of humiliations befalls the protagonist, fitting given that this adaptation of Jeff Kinney's popular kids-lit series is itself a minor embarrassing misfire.	The friendship message that comes wrapped in the world of Wimpy Kid gives the movie its centre and its heart, along with a reminder that there is no greater act of devotion than a kid who will submit himself to the cheese touch for a pal.	Unlike its bestselling source material, Diary of a Wimpy Kid fails to place a likable protagonist at the center of its middle-school humor -- and its underlying message is drowned out as a result.
Operates in a limbo between the relentlessly moronic and the legitimately entertaining, while almost solving the vehicular existentialism suggested by its title.	The flick never reaches its potential high.	The majority of its gags fall woefully flat, and its brief, 83-minute running time often seems to drag for an eternity.	An almost chuckle-free mess, so amateurish and lame that the cast often has that embarrassed look you see on dogs given ridiculous haircuts.	It's not for fans of Beavis and Butt-head; it IS for Beavis and Butt-head.	The movie isn't funny, the plot is too thin, and the production values feel more like a TV sitcom than a movie.
Hilariously purple dialogue, silly slapstick and the skewering of self-importance carry the day.	It is so amiable, so easy going and there is such a nice pace to it that you will find yourself under its spell in no time.	As a big-budget film from two of our great contemporary social satirists, it falls short.	O Brother, Where Art Thou? is the Being John Malkovich of the year 2000. The most remarkable thing about it is just how any sane studio executive agreed to back it.	A rambunctious and inspired ride.	Though not as good as Coen brothers' classics such as Blood Simple, the delightfully loopy O Brother, Where Art Thou? is still a lot of fun.
Doesn't have your standard 'Hollywood' ending...and that's a good thing.	a parade of phony horror clichés meant to generate predictably cheap scares	A Nightmare with Mr. Kruger	In a rare moment for the genre, it does get better as it rolls along, and that's good enough for me.	Even with all its florid melodrama, The Skeleton Key seems slow as molasses and not nearly as tasty.	Thanks to its creaky and formulaic script, The Skeleton Key is more mumbo-jumbo than hoodoo and more dull than scary.
One of the liveliest and most enjoyable animated flicks to escape the House Of Mouse.	Superb, entertaining animated musical has some scary stuff.	The latest Disney offering looks back to the studio's unrivaled heritage. It has the look of classic animation. More important, it has the skill required to make it work.	From the opening frames of the this underwater fantasy, you`ll agree that the magic is back at Disney. Perhaps it never left.	The Little Mermaid revitalized the notion of what can be achieved with pen and ink, and once again put Disney in an unreachable top spot as the undisputed king of animation studios.	The Little Mermaid ushered in a new golden era for Disney animation with warm and charming hand-drawn characters and catchy musical sequences.
...only tension, not suspense.	Hugely entertaining, fast paced and enjoyably old fashioned action thriller that delivers more explosions, chase scenes and action sequences in one film than in the rest of the summer blockbusters put together.	12 Rounds's familiarity undercuts any kind of suspense it hopes to build, and for an action-packed romp it's incredibly dull.	It remains to be seen whether this crude, dumbly entertaining outing will encourage the director to tackle more of the Greek myths.	So-so action movie has lots of fighting, other iffy stuff.	Energetic but empty, 12 Rounds' preposterous plot hurtles along at a rapid pace, but can't disguise the derivative script.
Watch I Love You, Man with your friends, and you'll see one film-a bawdy chucklefest about male bonding with puke and fart gags.	In less sure hands this parade of oddities could have become tiresome. Which only makes Rudd's central performance more impressive, holding the entire edifice together by sheer force of personality.	(W)hat's clear about John Hamburg's trend following entertainment is that it feels forced together, as if a smart, sunny couples comedy was injected with a copy of Jokes from the John.	...it is scientifically impossible not to like Paul Rudd.	The bro-mance is in full bloom!	I Love You, Man makes the most of its simple premise due to the heartfelt and hilarious performances of Paul Rudd and Jason Segel.
Might have been the greatest baseball movie ever made if not for the sluggish centerpiece performance by Kevin Costner.	Works better as a romance than as a sports flick, but it's still sly, smart and very funny.	Though Costner's character is a bit stereotypical -- the embittered veteran player -- he plays the role well.	Shelton locates the tension and the humor between pitches, between ball games, between the sheets. It helps too that he has written the wittiest, busiest screenplay since Moonstruck, and that his three stars do their very best screen work.	If one was to make a list of the best baseball-themed movies of all time, Bull Durham would have to be in consideration.	Kevin Costner at his funniest and most charismatic in Bull Durham, a film that's as wise about relationships as it is about minor league baseball.
So what is Cloverfield? The best Godzilla film never made? A re-invention of the monster movie genre? You could certainly argue both points: it feels like every creature feature you ever saw, but seen from a totally fresh point of view.	The only thing surprising about the picture turns out to be how unsurprising it is. Also--despite massive special effects--how boring.	Reminiscent of The Blair Witch Project, this cleverly-conceived scream fest was shot entirely with a shaky hand-held camera being operated by one of the film's central characters.	For gasps and thrills and movie monster mayhem, the film is a success. It's not flawless, but if you shove that aside, I guarantee you that you will have a gas at the theater.	Cloverfield is a success on nearly every front and a film I urge people to see in a theater opening weekend.	A sort of Blair Witch Project crossed with Godzilla, Cloverfield is economically paced, stylistically clever, and filled with scares.
Priceless is a bauble -- an art-house diamond made of paste that somehow still gives you good glimmer for the money.	The lovely Audrey Tautou and sad-eyed Gad Elmaleh are perfectly cast as a gold-digger and the poor sap who loves her, but the real star of Pierre Salvadori's larky, Lubitsch-esque farce is France's impossibly chic Cote d'Azure.	Pierre Salvadori's Priceless has been heralded as a French box office hit, which suggests that the French have become as corrupt and materialistic as some commentators insist that we are.	Stop laughing long enough, and you'll see that it's a picture about compromised lives and love for sale. But no one who watches Priceless will stop laughing for that long.	A supremely satisfying confection -- a French romantic comedy of the sort that ends with you standing outside the theatre with a dopey grin on your face.	Priceless is a light, farcical rom-com that features sharp performances from Audrey Tautou and Gad Elmaleh.
Baumbach's real achievement is his deft ability to balance the emotional brutality of joint custody with the natural humor of domestic life.	Doesn't break much new ground in terms of parental misconduct or adolescent sexual confusion.	Baumbach's film substitutes Wes Anderson's ironic preciousness for a more blunt confrontation of its characters' mixed-up, distraught emotions.	In Baumbach's compelling coming-of-age portrait of stark domesticity, The Squid and the Whale is ruthlessly savvy as an introspective showcase of self-reflection	A startling new drama.	This is a piercingly honest, acidly witty look at divorce and its impact on a family.
The wolves seem to have watched a lot of "Friday the 13th" movies, because they have a knack for pouncing out of the shadows that rivals the mad skills of Jason Voorhees.	a strong man-versus-nature film that shows the thousands of ways Alaska can kill you, and it even manages to be quite touching at times	Forget the Super Bowl, this is the Ice Bowl pitting Team Human vs Team Wolf.	Action junkies should get what they"re looking for as well though be warned, The Grey is at its heart a meditative film about a man examining his place in the world.	Somewhere along the line, apparently, it was decided that having men fight for their lives is not enough to hang a movie on. It has to be a movie about Big Ideas.	The Grey is an exciting tale of survival, populated with fleshed-out characters and a surprising philosophical agenda.
It might've worked at the local college level, but this dead man walking needs a transfusion to keep alive nationwide at the box office.	Labored, Naked Gun-ish quotes from The Matrix, The Blair Witch Project, and The Usual Suspects merely congratulate us for recognizing them.	The funniest movie that I've seen so far this year.	Not only do they mix their upbeat parodies with a certain yuckiness -- but they also inject occasional social commentary.	The satire is sharp and knowing.	Critics say Scary Movie overloads on crudity and grossness to get its laughs.
hopes to distract us with several montages of scantily clad leotard wearing jail bait girls working out, dancing, performing their gymnastics routines and acting as sassy as possible. If you are under 18, YAY! If you are older, SHAME ON YOU!	This started with a lower degree of difficulty and the execution had some flaws.	All the sizzling attitude of a great floor routine, and all of the discipline and heart as well.	It's appropriate that `Stick It' even has a title that sneers, for watching the movie is like spending an hour supervising detention.	Halfway through, you'll be ready to tell the people behind this malnourished rubbish exactly where they can stick it.	Director Jessica Bendinger is unable to transfer her winning Bring It On formula to the world of gymnastics, despite Missy Peregrym's strong lead performance.
It really never deserved to be more than a quickie TV-movie on the WB, where it would've aired around Halloween and then faded into oblivion.	If I were a werewolf, Lance Bass would be one of my first rampaging stops.	There's nothing here that's remotely spooky or creepy or compelling. This is simply one of the most inert horror films I've ever seen.	It wanders for quite a while, seemingly unsure what it's supposed to be doing.... I wanted to snap my fingers to get the movie's attention and say, 'Movie! Over here! Focus!'	not quite edgy enough to be cool and it's certainly nowhere near scary enough for most horror fans	A predictable plot and cheesy special effects make Cursed a less-than-scary experience.
This is an enjoyable entertainment, but I can't really call it any more than average.	S.W.A.T. is by the numbers, by the book, and, by the way, pretty good.	...The film succeeds in developing its story, characters and action even though every step of the way is a formula-ridden minefield.	The movie has the feel of several episodes of a series that have been jammed into a feature-length helping.	S.W.A.T. delivers some of the best thrills and excitement of the summer.	A competent, but routine police thriller.
If you like violence on the silver screen in large dollups, this is the flick for you.	Del Toro balances action and atmosphere masterfully -- it's a better video game movie than Resident Evil, even if it's based on a comic book.	Basically, the sequel replays the original movie's set pieces with even more gore and less coherence.	Popcorn nonsense for sure, but shot with a wit, skill and understanding of its audience all too rarely seen in the genre.	Stripped down to such basics as story and dialogue, it's nothing to get excited about.	Though Blade II offers more of what worked in the original, its plot and character development appear to have been left on the cutting room floor.
I hate to admit it, but I laughed at the Brady Bunch Movie. I laughed a lot.	It made me wistful not only for a piece of my youth, but also for an era when families were functional, communities seemed closer.	Grueling sendup of the 70's comedy that goes on way too long.	[Director Thomas] drawn hilariously synthetic performances from a shrewdly cloned cast.	Apparently someone else besides yours truly was watching the eighties sitcom "Day by Day".	Though lightweight and silly, The Brady Bunch Movie still charms as homage to the 70s sitcom.
"Overrated, overhyped and so not scary." Paul Chambers, CNN.	A clever, psychologically terrifying and suspenseful low-budget film with a lot of mainstream appeal. It will frighten the bejesus out of you.	Peli is to be congratulated for pulling off such an audacious project, but he needs a sharper sense of timing: The film's pacing is uneven, which weakens the suspense.	Far more effective during its nighttime scenes	This is one of the the few films that actually lives up to all of the hype. Paranormal Activity is one of the scariest films I have seen since The Exorcist.	Using its low-budget effects and mockumentary method to great result, Paranormal Activity turns a simple haunted house story into 90 minutes of relentless suspense.
[Wahlberg] continues to draw on his versatility and range, shedding the albatross of his hip-hop background and establishing himself as a genuine leading man.	...does an outstanding job of capturing a particular time and place, with an instinct for both the sublime and the ridiculous about an exceedingly odd period in rock history.	While not in the same league as either This Is Spinal Tap or Almost Famous, this rock-band movie is at least thoroughly entertaining.	Like the Muzak version of a Def Leppard hit.	Provides a fair amount of shallow fun pretending that 1980s heavy metal was actually heavy.	Like its title, Rock Star is rather generic, being not so much about the heavy metal scene than about rock cliches and formula.
Awkward as a social drama - as if Eastwood had only lately seen Boyz N the Hood - yet as another one of his meditations on aging, the movie is on to something.	A very funny and touching movie that delivers its message of tolerance with a most agreeable light hand.	Although younger audiences may find the film's rhythms rather slow, the ultimate payoff is huge, and Clint fans are likely to eat it up.	Clint Eastwood collects and distills everything we know he is capable of doing on screen -- some of which we might wish he hadn't done, but most of which we love. Even if we might be a little ashamed to admit it.	Simply terrific, enormously watchable and an absolute must for all Eastwood fans. Gotta say it: this film will make your day.	Though a minor entry in Eastwood's body of work, Gran Torino is nevertheless a humorous, touching, and intriguing old-school parable.
A well-made drama that employs the twists and turns of a thriller to generate heat around the volatile issue of capital punishment.	A half-baked polemic wrapped around a procedural thriller, The Life of David Gale is meticulously researched fury delivered in bite-size chocolates of liberal indignation.	There are many unbelievable bits.	Bad movies are easy to make, but as this overheated and self-defeating propaganda piece shows, it takes a genuinely talented group of people to come up with the most astonishing botch jobs.	[It] requires an audience capable of overlooking its preachy manipulations, non-descript filmmaking, and senseless ending all because they find its ideology reasonable.	Instead of offering a convincing argument against the death penalty, this implausible, convoluted thriller pounds the viewer over the head with its message.
Even at its most unpleasant, the movie features Carrey's talent, which never ceases to dazzle and amaze.	This is a movie of moments whose ultimate legacy may be to get Carrey out of formula comedies forever.	The real reason to savor the film is to watch yet another surprising performance by the multi-talented, and perhaps underappreciated, Jim Carrey.	The filmmakers don't even attempt to give Kaufman an inner life.	It is a film that redefines edgy as an adjective in what passes for a comedy, yet quite clearly is much more than that.	Jim Carrey is eerily dead-on in his portrayal of Andy Kaufman, which helps to elevate Man on the Moon above the script's formulaic biopic cliches.
...a fine premise that's utilized to progressively underwhelming effect...	A respectable, intelligent film, but one, to be sure, that prospers more while in the individual moments, rather than one that remains deeply ingrained in your long-term memory.	EdTV isn't bad enough to get angry about, but it's a mundane and toothless satire.	The best part of the film is the bright and accessible script, [and] with Ron Howard as the director, you can be sure that you'll leave with a satisfied smile on your face.	A fresh, insightful, and often times hilarious film about the follies of instant celebrity.	If it's not as ambitious as The Truman Show in satirizing the voyeuristic nature of television, EdTV is an amiable, witty comedy with fine performances from Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
One of the best of the horror stories to reach the screen, this picture rates high because of originality of theme, excellent acting, expert camerawork and direction, plus an atmosphere of brooding mystery.	One of the all time fun pictures, with enough ingredients in it to please a wide variety of film fans.	Alarming, both for the way it allows its antihero to fully fall into madness and for the violence that this fall involves.	Remains memorable for its tension, its special effects and the talkie debut of Claude Rains.	The story is one of those great mad scientist tales in which the potion invented with the best intentions for its enhancement of human life becomes instead an evil force bent on its destruction.	James Whale's classic The Invisible Man features still-sharp special effects, loads of tension, a goofy sense of humor, and a memorable debut from Claude Rains.
The Bridge on the River Kwai amused and excited me.	In my opinion, it is one of the two best films to emerge from a very strong decade of cinema.	A gripping drama, expertly put together and handled with skill in all departments.	From sky to ground in two shots, and it already feels like we've traversed a great distance, with two and a half hours of skillful, suspenseful WWII adventure to go.	Alec Guinness won his only non-honorary Oscar for this film (did you know he'd be nominated for writing the following year?), and boy is it deserved.	This complex war epic asks hard questions, resists easy answers, and boasts career-defining work from star Alec Guinness and director David Lean.
The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.	You may be surprised at how not torturous [the film is].	A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.	When the high point of your movie involves a Queen Elizabeth lookalike getting down to a Euro-pop version of Edwin Starr's 'War,' something has gone disastrously wrong.	The teen Bond's latest mission finds the would-be franchise creatively Banks-rupt.	Young kids may find this London adventure fun, but older kids may find it too simplistic.
Let's try to define its deep, dark humour by saying that if Monty Python had been founded by dour Swedes, then the troupe's Meaning of Life might have resembled A Pigeon.	Its strangeness and repetition may turn some away, but on both a technical and thematic level, it is a work to be celebrated.	The specifics of what happens in these vignettes is less important than precisely how they're constructed.	Andersson's so skilled he can elicit laughter with a character walking into a frame...In thirty-nine scenes, "A Pigeon Sat on a Branch Reflecting on Existence" makes us look at ourselves as if we were a visiting alien race...	It confirms the Roy Andersson universe as one of near-fossilized similitude, in which any effort or movement is disruptive, revealing new cracks in the set illusion of order.	Expertly assembled and indelibly original, A Pigeon Sat on a Branch concludes writer-director Roy Andersson's Living trilogy in style.
This is a road movie with a difference.	Both an unalloyed delight and a surprisingly human, moving film.	For sheer camp value, Priscilla is a lot of fun, even if it has next to nothing to say.	It's too bad that the requirements of plotting require movies like this to crank up the event count, when actually what works is just the daily minutiae of Bernadette's life.	It's often very funny, looks great and is played to perfection.	While its premise is ripe for comedy -- and it certainly delivers its fair share of laughs -- Priscilla is also a surprisingly tender and thoughtful road movie with some outstanding performances.
Trickery, magic, guilt and love are the themes of Gillian Armstrong's intriguing film about Houdini, and the renowned escape artist's affair with a professional psychic.... Armstrong takes the material and shapes it into a splendid tale, a compelling mix	It's a movie that seems to have been lavished with care and performed with gusto, yet its tale of fakery sounds its own knell: there's not a believable moment in it.	All a 'what if' movie needs to win me over are some lush costumes and production design, a smart casting choice or two, and a really ridiculous basic idea. Death Defying Acts obliges on all fronts.	Despite the confused tone and underwhelming romance, this pretty little picture entertains in the main thanks to the intriguing subject matter and top turns from Zeta-Jones and Ronan.	Director Gilliam Anderson doesn't distinguish this generic romance from a thousand other costumed bodice rippers -- is a kinky handcuff scene too much to ask?	Pretty but dull, with unconvincing turns from Zeta-Jones and Pearce. If you want a period magician movie, seek out The Prestige or The Illusionist instead.
A ball of gender confusion, Biblical allegories and Eastern European politics -one of those would be a tricky subtext for a 90-minute rock opera. But the songs marry Jim Steinman's grandeur to the Stooges' sweat and spit, with a deft, tender screenplay.	Has the potential to reach Rocky Horror Picture Show cult status.	The off-Broadway rock musical that pushes off from a botched sex-change operation is sweet dynamite on film.	The story doesn't have much to offer save its one, recurring visual joke.	...a swath of glittery eye shadow splashed across mainstream American movie screens.	Hedwig and the Angry Inch may very well be the next Rocky Horror midnight movie. It not only knows how to rock, but Hedwig's story has an emotional poignancy.
Barcelona lends an intoxicating sparkle to a movie that's best when it speaks with affection for its youthful characters, inhabitants of an untidy world in which no dirty dish wants for company in a crowded kitchen sink.	European Union navel-gazing plus braying youth worship equals L' Auberge Espagnol.	A terrifically entertaining comedy illustrating the view that people of diverse nationalities can get along famously with one another.	[Klapisch] forces us to notice the ordinary details we ordinarily sleepwalk through.	While there's considerable craft, artistry and entertainment in the film, the enterprise is a bit too chaotic and unfocused to wield much of a punch.	This multicultural comedy captures the chaos and excitement of being young.
What Charlotte's Web has always had going for it, and what I imagine kids will always cling to, is a sweet, simple, and timeless story about the power of friendship and the acceptance of loss, a story that's told faithfully here.	There are pleasures to be had from a family film that doesn't scamper from one action sequence to the next.	[The film] relies heavily on the voices, though the actors are sometimes miscast (Julia Roberts as the spider) or chosen more for their on-screen personas than their pipes (Steve Buscemi as the rat).	If I could spin a web, I would declare "Charlotte's Web" SOME FILM!	Fortunately, this version gets it right. To quote another classic involving an adorable little swine, "That'll do, pig."	Kids will be entertained by the straightforward plot and cute animals, and adults will be charmed by how quiet and humble the production is, a fine translation of E.B. White's genteel prose.
As you'd expect from the co-founder of Studio Ghibli, Takahata has created a ravishing, technically perfect product and the hand-drawn, watercolour images explode with tender, humorous details.	It's a film about tone as much as anything, and the gorgeous, pastoral quality of the work here has lingered long past the film's ending.	Distills a millennium of Japanese storytelling into a timeless film that feels both ancient and alive in equal measure.	Takahata's screenplay (cowritten by Riko Sakaguchi) features impressively intricate scenarios. It contains, better than a conventional villain, flawed but human characters.	A pinnacle of animation in the new millennium.	Boasting narrative depth, frank honesty, and exquisite visual beauty, The Tale of the Princess Kaguya is a modern animated treasure with timeless appeal.
Faris' ability to turn an otherwise mediocre exercise into a charming farce may not earn her any awards, but it gives us something to look forward to - namely, her next movie.	God bless Anna Faris, who's so good that the second star at the bottom of this review is entirely down to her. Otherwise, this Bunny would be headed for the vet.	Every banality is trotted out right on cue, from the makeover montage to the awkward first date, to the usual hoary old moral about being true to yourself, making this one bunny due for the casserole pot.	One of the misfits is told by Anna Faris to try to strike up a conversation with some boys, so she goes over and says, 'Where's the crapper?' Credible? Funny? Not.	This puerile so-called comedy is a complete waste of the talents of Anna Faris, a cheeky beauty who is obviously channelling Marilyn Monroe - God forbid a remake of Some Like it Hot is in the works.	Anna Faris is game, but she can't salvage this middling, formulaic comedy.
Both mesmerizing and disquieting.	The source and the subject matter make it difficult to assign critical judgement to Blind Spot, but the film's snail pace means it will probably appeal mostly to scholars and students of the Holocaust.	Junge is a fascinating character study.	A convincing portrait of one woman's restless determination finally to see.	If Junge's first-hand recollections aren't always visually stimulating, they're still more illuminating than most cinematic re-creations of the era.	The testimony of Junge is more than enough to make this bare-bones documentary fascinating.
This movie unfortunately wastes a perfectly promising idea -- satirizing James Bond films along with any other pop-culture celluloid phenomenon that crosses the filmmakers' minds.	More of a cinematic joke book than a real movie, Spy Hard hits you with gags faster than Henny Youngman on speed. Even when individual bits misfire, the unrelenting barrage of silliness can break down your resistance.	Sporadically funny, but never more than a sting of crude gags.	A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.	When Spy Hard abruptly ends after only 81 minutes, you sense that it has used up every last round of available ammunition. It was simply exhausted and couldn't move another inch.	Leslie Nielsen's comic gifts are undisputed, but Spy Hard's lazy script and slapdash direction fail to take advantage of them.
Even the evil henchman is badly picked: Ricky Jay is a lovable magician, not a hard-nosed killer.	You won't miss a thing should you leave well before the end. If more can't be found in Bond than this, I wouldn't object, in principle, to that tuxedo's being hung up in the closet for good.	A solid but somewhat by-the-numbers entry in the James Bond cycle.	Bond, James Bond. For mature eyes only.	Kinetic, knowing, crammed with high-tech gadgetry and sophisticated in the most superficial sense of the term: What else could you ask of a James Bond picture?	A competent, if sometimes by-the-numbers entry to the 007 franchise, Tomorrow Never Dies may not boast the most original plot but its action sequences are genuinely thrilling.
Watchable, sporadically amusing and ultimately frustrating, because Allen is capable of so much more, but doesn't appear interested -- or willing -- to push himself any longer.	The Shawn character says, 'Moments of humor do exist (in life). I exploit them, but in a tragic context.' Allen couldn't have said it better himself.	The best Woody Allen film in years.	Entertaining but uneven.	But both variations on Melinda's story bear the unmistakable mark of Allen's morose sensibilities. In the end they both feel muddy and unfocused rather than delightfully ambiguous.	Woody Allen's uneven Melinda and Melinda fails to find neither comedy nor pathos in what seems like a rehash of his previous themes.
An astonishing performance by young Thomas Doret as Cyril delivers the core of this well crafted, subtle yet powerful screenplay, which has won several accolades ... challenging yet accessible, sharply observed and emotionally authentic	The Kid with a Bike is a powerful film about compassion and forgiveness, and the tragedy of not having the capability for either.	It's miles away from big-budget, pop-culture entertainment, but you may be surprised by its impact.	...manages to balance a spiritual sense of grace with the earthy eye of a here-and-now realist.	Though less complex and softer than former efforts, Dardennes' new film is an emotionally compelling, ultra-realistic coming-of-age morality tale, well acted by Thomas Doret and Cecile de France.	Thanks to the Dardenne brothers' typically fine direction, The Kid with a Bike is a heart-wrenching, thematically and spiritually rich drama.
Open Season should be shot and hung on the wall as punishment for subjecting us to more of the same dreadful thing.	In Open Season, the bad guys are such caricatures that there's just never any doubt as to the outcome.	At any point, do the people involved realize they've got a lot of pretty animated images, no jokes, less story, and voice performances that never click together?	It's just okay.	It's convention and cliches that drive the new computer-animated movie "Open Season," an overly familiar yet nevertheless likable film that could have been exceptional had it attempted something fresh within the genre.	Open Season is a cliched palette of tired jokes and CG animal shenanigans that have been seen multiple times this cinematic year.
Walker's documentary hails from the inspirational school of filmmaking, and graduates with honours.	Simultaneously a sports adventure film, a tear-jerking tale of hope and inspiration and a captivating meditation on culture clash.	Not the aspirational, triumphal, follow-your-dreams kinda doco that you may expect. Instead, it is a frank, clear sighted and immersing film about the challenge that faces not just the blind [Tibetan] youngsters but their guides and supporters	An extraordinary documentary about the spiritual lessons learned by six blind Tibetan youth on a grueling Himalayan mountain climb with Erik Weihenmayer.	An amazing no-frills inspirational documentary shot with deep feeling and conviction by Lucy Walker.	A powerful glimpse of the possibilities for transcendence in straightforward documentary filmmaking -- and extreme physical disability.
It's a heady brew, but Hardy keep the mystery simmering, while his staging of several merrie pagan songs -- and of course the chilling climax -- is truly memorable.	I have never and will never understand this film's reputation.	Part folk musical, part occult chiller, and quite mad.	There are few entries in Seventies cinema in which the efforts, the ideas, and the execution transcend the implications of cheap, genre filmmaking, and there are none as thematically appealing as The Wicker Man.	... a startling movie, bizarre and disturbing with some touches of macabre humor.	This intelligent horror film is subtle in its thrills and chills, with an ending that is both shocking and truly memorable.
A high-speed rehash with the emphasis on hash.	The title refers to the speed with which the film is cut by its director, a specialist in music videos. It could also apply to what otherwise peaceable folk might want to do should they get their hands around his throat.	Full Throttle would have worked if it were a promo video for a Hollywood stunt school. But you can only defy gravity so many times before you go floating off into space.	... sorry, Charlie, this crowded "Angels" episode plays more slick than shrewd.	Full Throtle is full of fun.	Eye candy for those who don't require a movie to have a plot or for it to make sense.
That lasting popularity isn't a fluke; the "Godfather" films stand the test of time because these aren't just movies, they're cultural touchstones.	All of the filmic arts - design, cinematography, editing, music - come together to forge what is, by any measure, one of the great movies of all time.	The biggest achievement here is the establishment of mood and time.	O primeiro ato da obra máxima do Cinema.	Coppola's masterpiece reveals something new every time you watch it.	One of Hollywood's greatest critical and commercial successes, The Godfather gets everything right; not only did the movie transcend expectations, it established new benchmarks for American cinema.
The best of the small population of pure horror films made in the United States during the silent era.	Kerry is a colorless hero, Philbin contents herself with being pretty and becoming terrorized at the Phantom, and Chaney is either behind a mask or grimacing through his fiendish makeup.	It's not the best Chaney film -- it has slow, convoluted stretches -- but it occasionally bursts into life with its peculiar atmosphere.	If it wasn't quite the match of the fright fests that were being made over in Europe during this decade (Nosferatu, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari), it was certainly one of the most epic American undertakings this side of D.W. Griffith and Cecil B. DeMille.	While many chunks of the film are indeed effective (and several downright terrifying), the overall effect is bipolar.	Decades later, it still retains its ability to scare -- and Lon Chaney's performance remains one of the benchmarks of the horror genre.
While the film is seldom boring, its general lack of focus does seem to blunt much of the drama that its final explosive sequence might have engendered.	This may not be the best film of the summer, but it is the most ambitious.	"Do the Right Thing" is a film whose ability to entertain, provoke, and question has not diminished in the least.	Lee shows us both sides of the situation, and lets us decide for ourselves. The results are devastating.	Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made.	Smart, vibrant, and urgent without being didactic, Do the Right Thing is one of Spike Lee's most fully realized efforts -- and one of the most important films of the 1980s.
The film's last shot is full of irony, a naturally composed split screen of hope and despair. "The Immigrant" is like an antique photograph come to life with ghosts of the past.	Often brilliant, with tremendous performances by Marion Cotillard and Joaquin Phoenix.	One of "The Immigrant's" primary assets is its texture: a rich fabric of sights and sounds that evoke the look and feel of New York's underbelly in the early 20th century.	The Immigrant is two hours long, but I stayed even longer in my seat, through the credits, still in thrall to it all. The title is singular, but the scope is not so easily quantifiable.	Marion Cotillard is a tearful, too-lovely newcomer to a harsh America in the early 1920s.	Beautiful visuals, James Gray's confident direction, and a powerful performance from Marion Cotillard combine to make The Immigrant a richly rewarding period drama.
This is a film that spells out its points to the viewer, somewhat like a second grade teacher reciting the moral of the story.	Endearing it definitely is, so much so that it's easy to overlook the simplicity, and the sly confidence trick that gets played on us.	One of the year's delights!	The lighthearted fable Pleasantville takes some pointed swipes at the make-believe world of 1950s TV -- and none too soon.	A film which proves Hollywood is still capable of turning out comedies that are as intelligent and original as they are feelgood.	Filled with lighthearted humor, timely social commentary, and dazzling visuals, Pleasantville is an artful blend of subversive satire and well-executed Hollywood formula.
The first question, of course, is why?	There is no possibility of fun at this movie.	One thin joke stretched over 80-some tiring minutes.	When A Night at the Roxbury isn't just plain boring, it's actually kinda sad.	Not exactly highbrow stuff, but who ever said a comedy needed to be highbrow to enjoy?	Has the same problems as the worst SNL movies: one-note characters and plots unreasonably stretched to feature length runtime.
A daring experiment that succeeds not only in shattering familiar forms but in providing an apt shape for its unique story.	an enigmatic mind-melt that sends characters and viewers alike on a chronology-confounding loop down labyrinthine corridors and up garden paths in pursuit of a (re)solution that, even after it has been found, remains elusive and ambiguous.	Be prepared for an experience such as you've never had from watching a film when you sit down to look at Alain Resnais' Last Year at Marienbad, a truly extraordinary French film.	the elegant tracking shots amid the baroque architectural excesses that frame the film's lingering questions draw you into a world of mystery that seems to be ultimately understandable, yet constantly unravels at every turn	The movie itself is puzzling and contradictory, a self-conscious work that seems only half-remembered even as it wills itself into being on the screen.	Elegantly enigmatic and dreamlike, this work of essential cinema features exquisite cinematography and an exploration of narrative still revisited by filmmakers today.
For a good laugh, check it out; for good action, look elsewhere.	Feels more like the Adventures of Sly Stallone: Future Warrior...	There's a few things done right, but they are outweighed by many misfires.	Dreadful.	The director doesn't provide much kinetic movie-making pleasure but he knows enough to jam the screen with clamor. It's not excitement, exactly. It's simulated excitement.	Judge Dredd wants to be both a legitimate violent action flick and a parody of one, but director Danny Cannon fails to find the necessary balance to make it work.
...if you're the kind of person who's disinclined to see movies like this, well, you needn't make an exception for this one, though it is at least better than the typical sub-Animal House fraternity sex comedy	Certainly not as bad or painful to sit through as last year's Van Wilder, but still rather flat comedically and certainly dramatically.	Not exactly a time-travel fantasy, but definitely inhabited by spaced-out, anachronistic characters, Old School is about a trio of 30-something buds who yearn to go back to the past in order to avoid the present.	It may not be much, but these days, two or three big laughs is nothing to sneeze at.	Basically it's just a lighthearted comedy that gives Will Ferrell a chance to shine in his element; explosive humor mixed with dollops of lunacy. Love this guy.	While not consistently funny, the movie does have its moments.
The considerable charms of Amy Adams' company can't sustain Leap Year, which, despite its name, putters along like any other normal, workaday cinematic offering, not a quadrennial breath of fresh air.	There is formula and then there are bloodless, make-work projects like this one.	There's not one surprising moment in the script, but Adams and Goode allow you to look past the familiar and develop a rooting interest in them as a couple.	Adams is perky and watchable and almost saves the film. But it's so dumb: how come the eventual proposal, supposedly set a few yards from the Dingle pub, seems to take place on the Cliffs of Moher, 75 miles away?	Leap years come round every four years, but dispiriting romcoms appear with depressing inevitability at least four times every year, and this is one of the very worst.	Amy Adams is as appealing as ever, but her charms aren't enough to keep Leap Year from succumbing to an overabundance of clichés and an unfunny script.
At its best when it forgets about personalities and focuses on the mechanics of high-tech plunder.	A triumph of style over substance, swagger over common sense, and it's almost impossible not to get jazzed by the sheer audacity of the plotters and their plot.	Steven Soderbergh is wasting his talent making fluff this inconsequential.	Free of cruelty and sexuality, free of violence and very much profanity, and free of the pretence that it is something other than a sleek, expert star piece.	The man who helped spark the indie revolution is now making pictures that bow and scrape before the most depleted Hollywood conventions.	As fast-paced, witty, and entertaining as it is star-studded and coolly stylish, Ocean's Eleven offers a well-seasoned serving of popcorn entertainment.
More intent on giving us a day-in-the-life presentation of some speed freaks and their hijinks than actually telling us anything about them. Their actions are meaningless.	The project leavens its grotesqueries with wit, truly funny supporting characters and even a couple of unexpectedly touching soliloquies.	Despite several fine performances, the anti-drug movie never hits whatever marks it was aiming for.	All actors are quite convincing. Again, the question 'Why bother?' hovers.	A white-knuckle ride to the edge of town, I liked it in a sick and twisted sort of way.	A chaotic drug movie that has little substance behind the stylistic flash.
Dry, dumb and periodically somewhat dull ... but still packs enough of a haunted house whallop to warrant a skeptical visit.	A middling horror entry from 1979 that's a masterpiece when compared to the dreadful 2005 remake.	It once seemed creepy, but time has made it seem pretty contrived.	full review in Greek	Dated by todays standards, but still some effectively creepy moments.	Dull and disappointing, the best that can be said for The Amityville Horror is that it set a low bar for its many sequels and remakes.
Persepolis may be a crudely drawn, two-dimensional cartoon, but it packs more genuine emotion than plenty of live-action dramas.	The monochromatic palette and simple lines of Satrapi's drawings go with a lusty sense of humour.	Any stragglers still unconvinced that animation can be an exciting medium for both adults and kids will run out of arguments in the face of Persepolis.	The film is mostly in black-and-white, and in a style that draws as much from Charlie Brown as from the style of the novel or the legacy of the German Expressionists.	Gives the viewer a glimpse into a foreign world, but its strongest suit is not depicting what is foreign, but what is common to all of humanity.	Persepolis is an emotionally powerful, dramatically enthralling autobiographical gem, and the film's simple black-and-white images are effective and bold.
Yang orchestrates this tale of love and loss like good classical music -- shading with just the right grace notes and shifting eloquently from one sequence to another.	There's not a wasted shot in the lengthy film and the performances are uniformly fine.	Much of the grace of Yi Yi is in ripe stagings that place people in large, articulated fields of vision.	A haunting, daunting chorus of color, composition, perspectives, reflections and refractions that mirror the characters' conflicts.	Edward Yang's glorious Yi Yi, at three hours, requires patience. But its rewards are tremendous.	In its depiction of one family, Yi Yi accurately and expertly captures the themes and details, as well as the beauty, of everyday life.
Spy Kids is a frivolous but fun adventure movie that will give kids thrills and adults some smiles. Everybody goes home happy.	Very entertaining... refreshing.	Eccentrically over-the-top in the same style as Willy Wonka.	The entire ensemble of old pros play their designated roles well; standing out are Cumming, whose trademark impishness fits this role like a glove; and Danny Trejo, playing a nice guy for a change and pulling it off wonderfully.	The action itself -- despite some bright, funny moments -- is often quite ordinary.	A kinetic and fun movie that's sure to thrill children of all ages.
The film is about as illuminating as the race cars' stickered-on headlights.	NASCAR 3D will delight fans of auto racing.	I wanted more time on the track, more passing, more actual racing. NASCAR (Stock car racing) implies "adrenaline rush" and I missed that in this otherwise solid documentary.	It turns out that racing around an oval track offers surprisingly few opportunities to exploit 3D effectively.	A 45-minute glorified infomercial.	A thrill ride for fans, but those looking for a deeper experience will be choking on exhaust.
Brimming with wit, crushing last-act melancholia, laughs, and poignant heart, "Me And Earl And The Dying Girl" is a spectacular delivery of tears, love and laughter, and a captivating knock-out that asks us to keep the departed in our hearts.	The fine performances of Mann and Cyler fuel this little indie, and could turn it into one of those minor gems that give the movies a much-needed shot in the arm.	A movie that's not as groundbreaking as it wants to be, though its commitment to taking a funnier, more grounded approach to its story points the way for a truly powerful film of its kind to take.	At once earnest and flip, capturing teen angst without wallowing in teen drama.	On one hand, it's energetically directed, well-acted, and reasonably smart. On the other, it's infected by a kind of hipster racism, where the black and female co-stars exist to make a young white male with no actual problems feel better about himself.	Beautifully scripted and perfectly cast, Me & Earl & the Dying Girl is a coming-of-age movie with uncommon charm and insight.
An audacious, clinical, and ruthlessly frank thriller.	Although seemingly about a creep who kills, it is as much about our own voyeuristic fascination with movies.	It is a thriller that still has the ability to shock because it holds up a mirror to the impulses in all of us. Perhaps that is why so many people found it hard to stomach in 1960.	Fear, as it turns out, is the most frightening thing in the world, and Peeping Tom makes us feel it palpably as few films have been able to do.	One of the first -- and still one of the best -- cinematic journeys into the mind of a psychopath.	Peeping Tom is a chilling, methodical look at the psychology of a killer, and a classic work of voyeuristic cinema.
Mulholland Drive is the product of an expansive vision. Lynch isn't projecting private nightmares this time. Los Angeles is the city of all our dreams.	Lacking a single moment its director hasn't already done before and better, it feels like the flabby greatest hits medley from an over-the-hill pop star's oldies circuit tour.	Brilliant at times and quite mesmerizing but ultimately frustrating and lacking the cohesiveness needed to make it great.	As with any dream-product, it's possessed of endless rewards for the patient, the curious, and the courageous	While this road may contain too many potholes -- and plotholes -- to sustain an even ride, there are moments of greatness scattered throughout to remind us why Lynch is vital.	David Lynch's dreamlike and mysterious Mulholland Drive is a twisty neo-noir with an unconventional structure that features a mesmirizing performance from Naomi Watts as a woman on the dark fringes of Hollywood.
Time, and rewrites, have softened some of the play's stridency. More important, the romance between Weeks (Ruffalo) and his lover, Felix (Bomer), is given a more prominent role as is Felix's death spiral, giving the story power both broad and intimate.	A character-oriented drama with theatrical talent and values that would face challenges finding much purchase at the modern-day multiplex. The result is a movie, for mostly better and sometimes worse, that wears its heart on its sleeve.	It's movies like The Normal Heart, fuelled by the performances within it, that make you want to learn more and provide perspective on one of the bleakest times for the gay community. That, and increase Kleenex sales at Costco.	The good in Normal Heart outweighs the bad, which isn't always the case with Murphy's work. It's an important story packed with vivid individual moments, but with this material and these actors, it feels like it could be so much more than what it is.	Flawed but terrifically moving, The Normal Heart is a boldly corporeal expression of gay political consciousness.	Thanks to Emmy-worthy performances from a reputable cast, The Normal Heart is not only a powerful, heartbreaking drama, but also a vital document of events leading up to and through the early AIDS crisis.
Scintillating.	It resurrects John Travolta from "Look Who's Talking" hell, it makes Bruce Willis into a serious actor and it honors the power and fancy of intelligent dialogue (written by the director himself).	On the whole, Tarantino is in dazzling command of his story's myriad moods, and there are sequences as gripping and suspenseful as any ever put on celluloid.	It's hard to imagine any viewer leaving this extravagantly demented, 2 1/2 hour low-life lalapalooza without carrying away at least a few indelible moments.	If you smile at David Mamet's dialogue, you'll laugh out loud at the words of Quentin Tarantino.	One of the most influential films of the 1990s, Pulp Fiction is a delirious post-modern mix of neo-noir thrills, pitch-black humor, and pop-culture touchstones.
A well-made yet failed film that could give real pleasure only to those who prefer form over content.	Tragically overproduced, with a glaring central miscast.	Positively gorgeous, and extremely hollow.	When Interview with the Vampire works, it's as compelling and engrossing a piece of entertainment as is available on film today. When it falters, the weaknesses seem magnified.	I got bored silly and totally disgusted.	Despite lacking some of the book's subtler shadings, and suffering from some clumsy casting, Interview with a Vampire benefits from Neil Jordan's atmospheric direction and a surfeit of gothic thrills.
A masterpiece.	I fear all work and no play has made Stanley a dull boy.	Though it could have been edited tighter, The Shining is still a great film.	Weird as it sounds, this creepy thriller works.	Strange and deeply creepy.	Though it deviates from Stephen King's novel, Stanley Kubrick's The Shining is a chilling, often baroque journey into madness -- exemplified by an unforgettable turn from Jack Nicholson
A breezy time out with upscale audiences.	If you've got a hankering for a bullet-flinging, romantic, film noir roller coaster, Bon Voyage is the ticket.	Bon Voyage lives up to its title and then some.	Isabelle Adjani owns this movie... her every mannerism screams diva. It's a juicy role and she plays it for all it's worth.	Rappeneau directs with dutiful predictability, even resorting to slow-motion when the hero throws a chair through a window...	It's froth, but stylish and giddily entertaining.
Arguably the most vital and eye-opening documentary yet made regarding the United States' current military entanglement.	What it does do, with grim and often gruesome honesty, is show the realities of war to a public that has been largely shielded from its cost.	A riveting firsthand look at the conflict on the battlefield, in the barracks, and on the home front, unfiltered by any partisan prejudice.	When it's over, you're not any closer to understanding the war. What stays with you are three sobering and complicated examples of its effect on the troops.	A remarkable film, a you-are-there document that allows us to worry about the soldier who's risking his life even as we ponder the rights and wrongs of this military engagement.	Candid, eye-opening footage gives viewers a close-up -- and educational -- look at the experiences of American soldiers in Iraq, a viewpoint not normally seen.
A creative and well-acted story about the explosive firepower of sexual desire as a tricky force that can bring both gratification and frustration, sweetness and bitterness, pleasure and pain.	Early in the film, a literature teacher defines tragedy as 'the unavoidable'; if Adele can't help her love for another woman, is her sexuality, by this logic, therefore tragic?	Exarchopoulos takes the movie back from those gazing upon her, whoever they may be, and returns it to Adele, her character.	Blue is the Warmest Colour is too exceptional a film to be defined by its controversy.	A tender, at times devastating portrayal of the lifespan of a relationship, one that's as convincing and intimate as any you've ever seen on screen.	Raw, honest, powerfully acted, and deliciously intense, Blue Is the Warmest Color offers some of modern cinema's most elegantly composed, emotionally absorbing drama.
It's streetwise stuff, shot in a vigorous on-the-hoof style, but also full of joy, both in its blissfully comic moments and in Doinel's telling passion for moviegoing.	For all of Truffaut's mastery of the behind-the-camera aspects of The 400 Blows, an equal share of the credit must go to lead actor Jean-Pierre Léaud.	One of the best movies about childhood ever made because it's really a movie for adults. Without sentiment, it looks at the fears, doubts, and anxieties of childhood.	Distinguished by its naturalistic, quasi-documentary approach and an extraordinary central performance from the 12-year-old Jean-Pierre Léaud, this is a blisteringly authentic story.	[Truffaut's} eye for telling detail is unrivaled...	A seminal French New Wave film that offers an honest, sympathetic, and wholly heartbreaking observation of adolescence without trite nostalgia.
As Ben must learn a lesson, the movie must demonize Micky, whose slick meanness becomes increasingly visible.	While you may stick with the film -- it's a slick time-waster -- you never believe it.	Despite primal instincts and fast-moving montages, 21 is a tired, music video-style fable.	The fascinating story of six college students who took Las Vegas for millions gets dealt a bad hand in 21, which turns their true-life saga into a slick, shallow and thoroughly generic caper flick.	"We're not gambling... we're counting," says Kevin Spacey in the new Las Vegas tale 21, which is a very appropriate way to sum up the film itself.	21 could have been a fascinating study had it not supplanted the true story on which it is based with mundane melodrama.
It is as emotionally raw and wrenching as life itself.	Open Hearts, like all good melodramas, is ruthless in its insistence that people are dragged, uncomprehending, in the wake of events.	A small-scale domestic drama with large-scale feeling.	The acting is so natural that you'll swear the actors are cheating by not acting at all.	Until the end, when it begins to go soft, the movie takes two strands of soap opera convention -- a life-changing accident and an adulterous affair -- and spins their suds into gold.	Pulsing with honesty, this film lays bare the rawness of human emotion with a story made all the more believable thanks to its gritty, low-budget approach.
Grown Ups is cliched, predictable and full of immature and juvenile humor. The film recycles far too many jokes and it gets old real fast.	Like being sat on by all your least favourite school bullies.	Let's hope Adam Sandler, his buddies Kevin James, Rob Schneider, Chris Rock and David Spade, and his most frequent director, Dennis Dugan, had a great time on their movie vacation Grown Ups, because the audience isn't really invited.	Director Dennis Dugan is to screen comedy what the atomic bomb was to Nagasaki.	Come on Sandler, you've got all the money in the world. Challenge yourself instead of headlining crap like this.	Grown Ups' cast of comedy vets is amiable, but they're let down by flat direction and the scattershot, lowbrow humor of a stunted script.
Though hardly on the level of great science fiction, it manages to produce an entertaining two hours...something very few of [Schwarzenegger's] recent films can claim.	The writing is so uninspired and the filmmaking so rushed and gimmicky that they undercut everything Schwarzenegger is trying to accomplish here.	...filled with a lot of movement and noise but little actual excitement or suspense...a great-looking, quasi sci-fi movie with not a lot actually going on.	Packed with enervating action sequences and inexplicable scripting decisions.	Has unexciting characters overall, and it relies on routine car chases and shootouts that would be even sillier without the booming soundtrack and special effects.	This offering from Arnold Schwarzenegger contains an intriguing, disturbing premise, but the film's execution is too routine and formulaic to make good use of it.
Well acted, but not often believable, dysfunctional family drama.	The movie's tone is mostly mushy and tearjerking, bounced occasionally into a tighter, more sardonic humor by DiCaprio andKeaton's performances.	Any dramatic film can go wrong if it doesn't completely ring true, and Marvin's Room misses the mark.	Great actors do what they can in a simple and largely unaffecting story.	Keaton is given a rare opportunity here to remind us that she's not simply a fine comedienne, and she's marvelous.	Marvin's Room rises above the pack of dysfunctional family dramas thanks to an impeccable cast that includes Meryl Streep, Diane Keaton, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
'Zero Dark Thirty' is the best movie of 2012.	It's one of the great recent works about the investigative process, a streamlined, riveting portrait of a nuts-and-bolts inquiry over the course of a decade.	Bigelow has created the best film of 2012.	Bigelow's taut depiction of the decade-long hunt for Osama bin Laden is a true movie of the moment.	Who could imagine that the CIA in this modern era would be defined by a couple of badass women, Homeland's Carrie Matheson, and in this film, Jessica Chastain's focused Maya.	Gripping, suspenseful, and brilliantly crafted, Zero Dark Thirty dramatizes the hunt for Osama bin Laden with intelligence and an eye for detail.
...the magnetic letters on the refrigerator door start spelling out ominous messages ('Kiss your $8.50 goodbye!' is not among them, but it might as well be).	There are some scary moments, but 10 minutes after you leave the theatre, the only feeling that's left is a sense of what instant gratification can I get now.	The startling thing about the remake is that it's one of the better horror films to hit screens in recent months, thanks to its refusal to take itself too seriously.	has everything you want from a scary movie, and Reynolds is a star waiting to break out	Better than the original and scarier than The Grudge or The Ring 2.	A so-so remake of a so-so original.
Good acting, solid direction, and some genuine cleverness carry you right over the plot holes.	The story moves briskly, the action is pulse-charging, and the laughs are many.	in a better world, [it] would have focused on Macy and that pitch perfect brand of eager anxiety that can . . . make any scene worth watching	This lifeline has a tenuous connection.	It's all silly, of course, and you will laugh at the film more than you'll laugh with it. But Cellular does offer a certain mindless pleasure and makes fun of itself.	Though it's gimmicky and occasionally feels like a high-end cell phone ad, Cellular is also an energetic and twisty thriller.
It's fantastic stuff.	A fascinating science lesson for anyone interested in either deep-sea -- or outer space -- exploration.	Like many IMAX films, it's worth a look for the razzle-dazzle photography, but don't expect much in the way of serious science.	The 48-minute spellbinder will make your jaw drop with awe. And, like the best documentaries, it will also make you think.	With Imax-sized ambitions, James Cameron is the ideal tour guide for these fascinating expeditions.	An amazing array of images from beneath the sea.
Sly humor, restrained violence/language, and a terrific -- and very crimson -- Ron Perlman position "Hellboy" as a cut above your average Mutants vs. Nazis flick.	Master director Guillermo Del Toro artistically glues the fanciful bits to his celluloid canvas creating a visual feast for the imagination! Read on->	It's a movie for people (the guy kind) who can't stop turning the pages of comic books, who want life to be serialized.	Despite several drawbacks, Hellboy nevertheless succeeds in entertaining.	This isn't the first comic-book movie to think it's the Book of Revelations, but I wish to hell it were the last.	With wit, humor and Guillermo del Toro's fantastic visuals, the entertaining Hellboy transcends the derivative nature of the genre.
A farce-comedy, it must thrive, if it's to do so, on sparkle. But the bubbles are sparse, partly because of Roberts's low fizz level.	Anchored by skilled comedienne Julia Roberts, this skewered variation on jealousy and the wrong woman doing battle in the aisles is a winning balance of the familiar and the novel.	There are many humorous moments throughout, though some of the more outrageous segments seem too contrivedly wacky.	We don't feel much of anything.	This feel-good, off-beat romantic comedy oozes charm, allowing Julia Roberts to shine in the kind of role that she does best.	Thanks to a charming performance from Julia Roberts and a subversive spin on the genre, My Best Friend's Wedding is a refreshingly entertaining romantic comedy.
Rises above Ephron's usual banality.	The set-up for the story requires the audience be aware they are actually watching a remake of Bewitched at all times. It gets points for being an interesting and different idea for a television remake, but the metatextuality can be off-putting.	I'll have some of what Nora Ephron's having, as long as I don't have to watch her movies.	It is courageously weird -- and that alone casts a spell.	Mesmerizing, it's not.	Bewitched is haunted by scattered laughs and a lack of direction.
What I could see of the special effects were wonderful, and they hold up over time, unlike many sci-fi movies. The landing scene at the end still fills you with wonder and amazement.	It must weather some bummy mid-passage exposition, but the movie survive its flaws triumphantly, evolving into a uniquely transporting filmgoing spectacle.	This is dopey Hollywood mysticism all right, but thanks to considerable craft and showmanship, it packs an undeniable punch.	The best -- the most elaborate -- 1950's science fiction movie ever made, a work that borrows its narrative shape and its concerns from those earlier films, but enhances them with what looks like the latest developments in movie and space technology.	Obviously [Spielberg] had a ball with Close Encounters, and his pleasure in tinkertoying it together makes it enjoyable, mildly funny and -- in one sequence -- even credible.	Close Encounters' most iconic bits (the theme, the mashed-potato sculpture, etc.) have been so thoroughly absorbed into the culture that it's easy to forget that its treatment of aliens as peaceful beings rather than warmongering monsters was somewhat groundbreaking in 1977.
The characters are so smug, that nothing they do seems appealing.	Kids will love this movie. Watching two of their favorite television stars beat up on a big, bad adult will keep them in their seats and laughing up every moment.	A kid's comedy with plenty of laughs, a sneaky wit and the abundant charm of its teen stars, Frankie Muniz and Amanda Bynes.	This is one of the rarest kinds of films: a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt.	Pulls off the difficult trick of synching up a clever preteen comedy to a clever grown-up comedy.	Though there's nothing that offensive about Big Fat Liar, it is filled with Hollywood cliches and cartoonish slapstick, making it strictly for kids.
A hilarious and beguiling comedy-adventure-mystery-romance hybrid. And it's not just the jaw-dropping oddity of the thing that makes it work; the film has a wonderfully involving -- and even moving -- storyline.	Lunacy is par for this film's course, made visual by Lance Acord's creatively demented cinematography.	A surrealistic ride into a fantasy world that is unique and never before seen.	One of the most satisfying aspects of the fable is that Kaufman is not content to simply milk laughs from his bizarre set-up.	An audacious chunk of sheer cinematic subversion.	Being John Malkovich is both funny and smart, featuring a highly original script.
Toni Collette gives a wonderful performance.	Enjoyable little film that nonetheless already feels overrated.	Muriel's Wedding isn't a perfect comedy, tragedy, or drama, but it contains enough original elements of each to make it worth a look.	This movie only shows true tact and understanding when it comes to flattering the audience; everyone on-screen is strictly up for grabs.	Most of the action is played for broad laughs, and Hogan demonstrates the ability to generate them, even if the humor is base and often cruel, making fun of people's looks and ineptitude.	Heartfelt and quirky, though at times broad, Muriel's Wedding mixes awkward comedy, oddball Australian characters, and a nostalgia-heavy soundtrack.
An unalloyed treasure for any viewer who has ever felt transformed by reading a good novel.	For a film that's obsessed with a book, it's amazing how little we learn about it. Nevertheless, we walk out of the theater longing to get our hands on it.	Until Stone Reader, no film ever captured the thrill and romance of reading.	The intellectual journey it takes is of a sort that's too rare in the movies, founded out of the same kinship of ideas and the desire for profound connection that makes reading so pleasurable in the first place.	A great literary mystery...even though its subject is an author who, from the purely practical point of view, was a 'failure,' it proves an uplifting, even joyful, experience.	This fascinating documentary will be of most interest to those who read and write for a living.
The funniest Mel Brooks film, Clevevon Little, who died far too young, is a comic genius. With the success of The Producers on Broadway maybe we can expect a stage version of Saddles which I'd pay good money to see.	One of the funniest awful movies ever made.	One of Mel Brooks' funniest and most popular films, an unsubtle spoof or parody of all the cliches from the time-honored genre of westerns	A lewd spoof of westerns and racial prejudice; enough laughs to cover the fact that it is, essentially, a stupid movie.	Blazing Saddles has no dominant personality, and it looks as if it includes every gag thought up in every story conference. Whether good, bad, or mild, nothing was thrown out.	Daring, provocative, and laugh-out-loud funny, Blazing Saddles is a gleefully vulgar spoof of Westerns that marks a high point in Mel Brooks' storied career.
takes itself seriously and has no pity, regrets, or agreements	Better bring an extra wrap with you to Affliction, as the snowy New Hampshire landscapes and the chilling story will likely send some shivers up your spine.	af.flic.tion \a'flik-shen\ n 1 : the state of being afflicted 2 a : the cause of persistent pain or distress b : great suffering	Well acted by Nolte and Coburn, Schrader's strongest film in years is a powerful reverie on family curse, how incontrollable anger, drinking, and violence almost inevitably pass on from one generation to the next.	Schrader has skillfully turned Banks' novel into a compelling character study.	Dark and bleak, the "kick-ass" performances, especially Nolte's "effective" portrayal of an abused soul, is the reason to see this film.
To call this movie a lesbian love story, or a coming-of-age movie, would be unforgivably reductive.	[Pawlikowski] coaxes brilliant performances from all three actors and keeps the audience nicely off balance in this bittersweet portrait.	Remember these names; remember this strange, lovely movie.	Director Pawel Pawlikowski, whose last film, "Last Resort," was a minor revelation,..has chosen to adapt a novel which demands comparison to Heavenly Creatures...	Its title may promise sweet, gauzy wistfulness. But there's a gritty astringency to director Pawel Pawlikowski's shape-shifting story of romance between two teenage girls in northern England.	My Summer of Love is a moody, bittersweet love story featuring outstanding performances from the leads.
It may be obvious and cliched but it knows what audiences want and gives it to them on a silver platter.	If it was possible to do a racist movie about the British, this would be it.	Is What a Girl Wants what anybody wants? Not really.	(Director Dennie) Gordon doesn't seem to care about character consistency, smart dialogue, natural narrative flow or anything beyond the most counterfeit kind of charm.	An unsubtle but sunny fairy tale.	Little girls will definitely enjoy it, but it's too syrupy and predictable for adults.
Their best film since Barton Fink, The Man Who Wasn't There is deadpan slapstick of a kind that has become unique to the Brothers Coen.	You've heard of a 'vacant stare'; now you know what it's like for the person staring.	Like Thornton's pitch-perfect, carefully modulated performance, it is well-planned and exquisitely executed.	Only the Coen brothers could make a noir thriller as truly odd as The Man Who Wasn't There.	Nothing else matters here except Thornton's blandly bravura performance ... and the film's rampant, detailed atmosphere.	Stylish but emotionally distant, The Man Who Wasn't There is a clever tribute to the film noir genre.
A well-etched social comedy with clear viewpoints about the elastic nature of integrity and compromise.	A classy comedy about the generation gap and the ubiquity of manipulation.	The observant and mocking humor that makes the film's first two-thirds so breezy and enjoyable gives way to shattering realizations, but Baumbach ultimately tempers that instinct somewhat by exhibiting genuine sympathy for Stiller's character.	Heartbreaking and cautiously funny,	In terms of the effectiveness of its scare tactics and the precision of the one-liners, 'While We're Young' is uncut Baumbach.	Poignant and piercingly honest, While We're Young finds writer-director Noah Baumbach delivering some of his funniest lines through some of his most relatable characters.
Howard continues to show versatility as a director, although his steady progress through various film genres has minted a style that is more workmanlike than spectacular.	It's an entertaining and gripping film, with stunning production values and magnetic performances. And yet the script's continual pandering to Hollywood cliches lets it down.	As a good ol' damsels-in-distress Western...The Missing is reliable, if over-earnest, matinee fodder. Unfortunately, the director has his eye on the Oscar...	Where The Searchers challenged assumptions and attitudes still current in 1956, Howard's film embraces, if not panders to, politically correct current attitudes	A drawn-out depiction of frontier brutality and the racist attitudes of the times.	An expertly acted and directed Western. But like other Ron Howard features, the movie is hardly subtle.
The trilogy is superior entertainment that, have assimilated its sources, has itself become the real thing, making movie history.	The film is a huge, rousing finale that resolves all plot twists, settles all accounts, reunites old friends and sweeps to a climax that all but blows the theater apart!	Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics. And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.	The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not drown out the human interest.	Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!	Though failing to reach the cinematic heights of its predecessors, Return of the Jedi remains an entertaining sci-fi adventure and a fitting end to the classic trilogy.
What makes William Wilberforce a great man is also what makes him a bore: He's possessed of such intractable single-mindedness and confidence in the rightness of his ideals that we can't help but wish he would lay aside saving the world for a while.	Amazing Grace arrives Hollywood-slick, a polished British period piece. It manipulates, but then again, so does the song that gives it its title. Movies, like hymns and history, should give us a good cry.	an intelligent film about serious thinkers and their ideas, and it's director Michael Apted's spare, incisive vison that prevents the film from becoming either cloying or maudlin, though the screen is painted with emotion	Director Michael Apted and his team understand the challenges of this kind of story and have met them with intelligence and energy. [He] has managed to be true to the outsized emotions of the story without giving way to sentimentality.	The movie is the usual kind of film biography of a respected figure from the distant past -- honorable, oversimplified, handsome.	Amazing Grace is your quintessential historical biopic: stately, noble, and with plenty of electrifying performances.
Offering gorgeous visuals along with fun songs and plenty of humor, Australian director George Miller's (Babe) Antarctica-set, computer-animated musical ranks just behind Cars among the year's animated films.	Just because audiences went like lemmings to March of the Penguins, it doesn't mean they'll make tracks to see a funky and furry cartoon version.	This curious ecological parable was directed by George Miller (Babe: Pig in the City), who still has an eye and a sense of humor but on this particular outing can't get the script he wrote with three others to make much sense.	a picture that celebrates the glories of nonconformity by using most of the traditional gimmicks that have become cliches in animated comedies...The saving grace of the film is its superb animation...	As an avid movie musical fan, I became enchanted with those spectacular singing and dancing sequences in 'Happy Feet.' Way to go, penguins!	Visually dazzling, with a thoughtful storyline and catchy musical numbers, Happy Feet marks a successful animated debut from the makers of Babe.
James Scurlock's documentary serves up cautionary tales of epic abuse, though the overall tone is faux cheerful and sometimes genuinely entertaining, especially in the use of clips from an old educational film that looks too fatuous to be faux.	Maxed Out exposes the credit card sham for what it is, and fingers the hustlers who perpetuate it.	If you've ever had problems with credit card debt, this insightful doc will either be the most enlightening or most depressing one you see this year.	At times funny, but mostly tragic, Scurlock's film is important viewing for any who owns a credit card without realizing that it's a wallet time bomb.	James Scurlock's Maxed Out takes a long-overdue swipe at the shamelessly predatory tactics of the credit-card and home-mortgage industries, which are feeding on the most economically vulnerable members of our society.	Maxed Out's presentation of startling facts and candid interviews put a human face on the issue of debt and financial insecurity.
Filmed in real time, the unraveling call-in program is a comedy of embarrassment (The Office, without the asides to the camera, but just as dry).	Dry comedies from eastern Europe tend to cast a skeptical eye on anything and everything, which is certainly the case with Corneliu Porumboiu's debut feature.	Porumboiu's minimalist approach concentrates the movie's focus on its mournful characters, so disillusioned with their post-Communist life they question the history that led to it.	Porumboiu's satire about history and short memories is a modest, deadpan masterpiece.	A melancholy rumination on the failed hopes of Eastern Europe after the Cold War, infused with a sense of farce and the irrecoverable nature of the past.	With a witty script full of satirical overtones and dry humor, 12:08 East of Bucharest is a thoroughly enjoyable Romanian comedy.
Offers a breakthrough portrait of the pain and miunderstanding which result from demeaning social hierarchies set up by teenagers.	Teen comedy-drama, over easy.	Time capsule.	decent Brat Pack movie, but not the best. Anthony Michael Hall is hilarious as usual. Chicks cannot hold de smoke . . . dat's what it is.	Surprisingly touching and funny.	The Breakfast Club is a warm, insightful, and very funny look into the inner lives of teenagers.
Driven by imagery rather than dialogue, rising tension rather than action, The Return depends on the actress' ability to convey plot development through subtle changes in expression rather than the kick-boxing moves for which she's become known.	The Return universally fails to establish any sense of reality, which makes it hard to register when Joanna's world starts falling apart.	The horror movie workhorse Sarah Michelle Gellar is back to chill us with The Return, a rote thriller with an intriguingly frenetic shooting style.	Director Asif Kapadia has a penchant for overused neo-horror film conventions (he's in love with harshly lit dream sequences that look like the video scenes in The Ring).	Even with a brief 85-minute running time, The Return feels padded, which is odd considering how little we're told about the characters or the central mystery.	Unoriginality may be an acceptable risk in the Horror genre, but boredom is never okay.
Mr. Sarsgaard succeeds in creating a real guy with real passions. Apart from him there's nada.	Joyless.	A parlor game could be made out of how many times the word "fear" is uttered in Martin Campbell's superhero franchise non-starter.	parolo poy proorizontan gia megalyterh yperhrwikh toy kalokairioy, katelhkse na fylaei ta eispraktika nwta twn ypoloipwn sthn Amerikh	Darting between Earth and the rest of the cosmos, Green Lantern can be fun as spectacle (which is why kids may go for it), yet the whole movie is eye candy, and not much more.	Noisy, overproduced, and thinly written, Green Lantern squanders an impressive budget and decades of comics mythology.
as tailored-for-television as a movie can get without containing actual commercial breaks	Extraordinary Measures is a celery of a film; humorless, flavorless, mediocre through and through.	A watchable drama enlivened by strong performances from Ford and Fraser but it's essentially just a starrier version of a made-for-TV disease-of-the-week movie.	An uplifting film about one man's battle to save his kids should strike a chord in parents of all ages	Parental Content Review	Despite a timely topic and a pair of heavyweight leads, Extraordinary Measures never feels like much more than a made-for-TV tearjerker.
It's not a sequel, not a remake; it's reheated Ritchie.	The cinematic dazzle, the high pitch to which he leads his actors, the relish of sheer velocity are reward enough.	A fast-paced funny film.	Ritchie doesn't have a whole lot to say about matters of fate, morality and manhood.	A twisty, fun and high energy, if not particularly groundbreaking... de facto sequel to Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.	Though perhaps a case of style over substance, Guy Ritchie's second crime caper is full of snappy dialogue, dark comedy, and interesting characters.
The weak of stomach will want to steer far away but those made of sterner stuff will find this to be the sweetest comedy about an anal fissure they've ever seen.	For its general ludic obsession with all things generally thought of as disgusting, the German film Wetlands is stuck in the anal stage.	Take note, Lars von Trier: This is how you do a truly funny, subversive movie about a woman's obsession with the human body and sex.	"Wetlands" tells a fairly conventional story in about the most unconventional ways imaginable.	Wetlands is one of the most daring, visually arresting, innovative, and imaginative examples of filmmaking to come out of Europe in recent memory.	While certainly not for the faint of heart, Wetlands transcends its shock value with sweetness, heart, and subversive wit.
...packs in exposed boobies and dismembered bodies like a 50-gallon aquarium stuffed with maraschino cherries.	The new Piranha 3D lived down to my absolute lowest expectations and I say that with nothing but gleeful affection.	The definitive film for this latest 3-D era: It exploits sex and gore the same way studios are exploiting moviegoers with 3-D ticket prices.	Makes a Gwar concert look like a Jane Austen book club meeting...good-natured fun, not for every taste, but a specified, sun-soaked ride of debauchery, marvelously executed.	Fails in being an entertaining satire and a competent horror film...	Playing exactly to expectations for a movie about killer fish run amok, Piranha 3-D dishes out gore, guffaws and gratuitous nudity with equal glee.
Peter Weir crafts his film like Hitchcock's Lifeboat on steroids	An intimate epic of infinite grace.	Crowe and Bettany previously worked together to splendid effect in A Beautiful Mind, and their teamwork here lifts this manly movie to an unusually civilized plane.	The filmmakers rock us with each volley of cannon fire, storm-driven wave and grisly moment of hand-to-hand combat. They've made a thrilling traditional nautical picture from untraditional books.	Russell Crowe's career is anything but rough sailing.	Russell Crowe's rough charm is put to good use in this masterful adaptation of Patrick O'Brian's novel.
So self-conscious about being a return to an earlier era of family filmmaking it never gets under your skin in the visceral, immersive way it should.	A fine conversation piece for gifted kids%u2014assuming parents willing to talk to their kids about their feelings...also a fascinating psychological study for adults looking back on the roiling emotions of childhood.	Instead of being bombarded by computer illusions, we're allowed to suspend our disbelief, to bring our own imaginations into play. For all the artfulness, the feel of the film is rough-hewn, almost primitive. It's a fabulous tree house of a movie.	Don't go expecting joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't see a more compelling film this year.	You aren't likely to find a more eclectic group of actors providing the voices.	Some may find its dark tone and slender narrative off-putting, but Spike Jonze's heartfelt adaptation of the classic children's book is as beautiful as it is uncompromising.
Prepare to have your mind blown.	The story is fervid in its outlandish obsessions, but it holds together quite well, even if it closely approximates a train teetering on the edge of derailment.	With Brand Upon the Brain! filmmaker Guy Maddin proves he's just like the rest of us.	An expressionist journey with the best, most shadowy sets, the most outrageous inventions and the most horrific childhood memories ever seen in a lighthouse or an orphanage, let alone both.	Captures an artist in love with his art, but not so preciously that he forgets to share the love.	A bizarre, compelling spectacle that invests its absurd plot with heartfelt sincerety, Brand Upon the Brain! is a unique cinematic experience.
Quinceańera is an engrossing look at modern Mexican-American life in Los Angeles, as well as universal family themes, and buoyed by superb acting, especially from Rios, Garcia and a particularly beatific Gonzalez.	The film is filled with heart and good humor, but there is a bit of edge to it as well.	Completely forgettable ... [it's] a cross between an after-school television special and a Spanish-language soap opera.	Though not quite the celebration its title implies, Quinceańera spreads its joy with warmth and dignity.	... an untidy, vital slice of Latino life with a loving sense of place and a giddy, improvised feel.	This slice-of-life story of a teenage girl in Echo Park is both a sweet crowd-pleaser and a perceptive look at socioeconomic community issues.
See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.	The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.	Tugs at the heart more than it warms it...a lovely-looking film, but hardly the emotional powerhouse some are suggesting.	As visually accomplished as Tokyo Godfathers is, the story is the most primitive form of drama, one that counts on improbable coincidence to propel the story to its sudden, implausibly symbolic conclusion.	Interesting stuff that's plain fun to watch.	Beautiful and substantive, Tokyo Godfathers adds a moving -- and somewhat unconventional -- entry to the animated Christmas canon.
A young Indonesian optician's quest to learn who killed his older brother and why during a purge of some one-million Communists in the country.	Whether the events of 1965 will ever entirely bend toward justice is hard to predict, but these films, with their bold and unsettling tactics, will have played a role in that process.	Joshua Oppenheimer's The Look of Silence is a gruelling film to watch and one that ought to answer the criticisms leveled at his previous feature doc, The Act of Killing.	The film is all the more potent for its restraint, as constant on the mind as the cicadas that sound throughout the unyielding night.	"The Look of Silence" is painful and unforgettable - a serious and honorable form, perhaps the highest, of "gotcha" journalism imaginable.	The Look of Silence delivers a less shocking -- yet just as terribly compelling -- companion piece to Joshua Oppenheimer's The Act of Killing.
A moving performance by newcomer Michelle Rodriguez showcases this moody Sundance showstopper about a Brooklyn teen who battles an age-old gender barrier.	From the edgy opening credits when we meet Diana, we know we are in the hands of a special filmmaker in Karyn Kusama.	First-time writer-director Karyn Kusama makes it seem believable (the big question is, how come someone with this much talent isn't getting more opportunities in Hollywood?).	The most striking aspect of Girlfight: Michelle Rodriguez.	It's a fierce performance, not because Rodriguez is a seasoned actress -- she's not -- but because she brings such a magnificent, 'prove-it-to-me' snarl to the role.	Michelle Rodriguez gives a compelling performance, despite lack of a boxing background; Karyn Kusama packs a punch with this directorial debut.
In this field of endeavour, any intense reaction is unsustainable, for the obvious reason that the guiding principle of repetition comes with an inevitable corollary and unavoidable side-effect -- sheer boredom.	The end results are almost strangely devoid of thrills, shocks or horror, other than the sight of not one but two former Oscar nominees (Black and Michael J. Pollard) reduced to such a pitiable career state.	A worthy tribute to the 70s and 80s slasher and splatter flicks.	Still, it's impossible not to admire any movie with a soundtrack that includes Helen Kane singing 'I Wanna Be Loved by You' and Slim Whitman yodeling 'I Remember You.'	Neither scary, perversely funny nor suspenseful, this demented dung heap is not even inventively gory.	There's an abundance of gore in this derivative horror movie, but little sense or wit.
Egoyan's lyrical, ethereal style is present, but Catherine's motivation and masochistic tendencies seem to emerge out of nowhere.	If the tawdry indie flick Chloe had one more gratuitous hotel tryst and starred Shannon Tweed instead of Julianne Moore, it would have been a throwback Skinemax movie.	The only Verhoeven element that's missing is deliberate camp, a healthy ladling of which might have made Chloe worth watching for some reason other than the prospect of glimpsing Seyfried's and Moore's admirably formed torsos.	The Girlfriend Experience meets Fatal Attraction in this steamy same sex triangle touching on a lapsed libido, incidental fetishism involving designer stiletto heels that might make Imelda Marcos envious, and the ordeal of stifling your inner lesbian.	Back when Brian De Palma was trying his best to emulate Alfred Hitchcock, he made movies like "Chloe."	Despite its promising pedigree and a titillating premise, Chloe ultimately fails to deliver the heat -- or the thrills -- expected of a sexual thriller.
Gervais, a British actor whose work on television is legion, has at last found a leading role in a feature, and it's a good one.	An innovative romantic comedy that is a mixture of British spice and American sugar.	If the film is little more than Gervais' attempt to break out of the "cult following" category and find some mainstream American success, more power to him. He deserves it, and Ghost Town is an auspicious start.	Ghost Town's unwillingness to escape from a safe orbit keeps the movie trapped in mediocrity.	Sorrow and darkness aren't far below the surface of this lovely comedy, which makes our laughter more agreeable, and more frequent.	Ricky Gervais' consistently sharp performance and beautifully dry execution transform this otherwise mainstream comedy into an endearing, funny, and altogether snappy romantic comedy. With ghosts.
the universal story in its most basic form	As a director, Eastwood is not as good as he seems to think he is. As an actor, he is probably better than he allows himself to be.	This film is hardcore. Not hardcore as in lots of blood and guts, but more in that it's just plain nasty. Everyone therein is nasty, and the hero is the nastiest man in the flick.	Eastwood's second directorial effort is mechanically stylish.	Clint's a supernatural amoral mythical hero (of the pulp novel kind), bent on cruelty and getting revenge for a past misdeed.	Clint Eastwood's sophomore outing as director sees him back in the saddle as a mysterious stranger, as the result is one of his most memorable Westerns.
For all of the credibility of the performances (or at least the teens), it all feels like recycled social commentary.	As uneven as the film is, those with strong stomachs will find it worth sticking with.	It's no The Killing of a Chinese Bookie, and its final section chucks freedom in favor of formula, but it has moments of genuinely kooky energy.	Director Cassevetes has a bit more than he can handle with this complex telling of a real-life tragedy, but he elicits believable performances from the young cast, with Justin Timberlake especially impressive as Johnny's tough-guy-with-a-heart lieutenant.	A little long and pushy, but very well-played and at times utterly harrowing	A glossy yet unflinching portrait of violent, hedonistic teenagers. Bruce Willis and Sharon Stone chew the scenery, while Justin Timberlake gives a noteworthy performance.
Bubba Ho-Tep is lovely. It's as sweet and endearing as a jelly doughnut. If a jelly doughnut were funny, it would be as funny as a jelly doughnut, a particularly droll one.	Surprisingly good as a quirky triumph of human spirit.	Hey, Bruce Campbell - thank you. Thank you very much.	Campbell's is the most believable Elvis I've ever seen on film, and that's counting the actual Elvis as himself in all those silly movies from the 60s.	a smart comedy that dares to take on the sublime and the ridiculous, succeeding on both counts with equal aplomb	The best movie to star both the King and JFK.
Its preachy side can be offputting. Messages of forgiveness and spiritual awakening are slammed home like force-feeding for the soul.	... an enjoyable and competently made film that will appeal to secular-minded moviegoers as well as the choir.	For all the tough-minded talk and frank portraits of inner-city life... the film is not altogether convincing.	There's no finger-pointing exclusion or even hellfire here, only the openhearted hope and welcoming love on which the religion was based.	You may not care for the message, but there's nothing insidious about it.	While Woman is a little less heavy-handed than other message movies, it still feels like an After School Special.
The second half feels heavy and unfulfilled, potential greatness reduced to a good movie plagued with problems.	Almost every decision that was taken here seems to have been the wrong one, from the casting of the callow, pleasant-looking Josh Hartnett as the sexually repressed cop hero, to the mellow sepia tones overlaying night-time Los Angeles.	A movie best described as Chinatown on Acid, The Black Dahlia isn't so much neo-noir as it is funhouse-noir.	Josh Friedman's screenplay doesn't so much distill the flavor of James Ellroy's hard-boiled writing as serve up indigestible chunks of verbiage.	Forty-five minutes in, I was already glancing at my watch and wondering why the only lively actress in this film was playing the dead girl. Go figure.	Though this ambitious noir crime-drama captures the atmosphere of its era, it suffers from subpar performances, a convoluted story, and the inevitable comparisons to other, more successful films of its genre.
Se vou perder uma hora e meia de minha vida vendo uma cobra comer pessoas, quero, no mнnimo, que a refeiзгo seja composta por caras conhecidas.	How many dopes could a big snake squish if a big snake could squish dopes?	...represents a significant improvement over its lackluster predecessor...	Where the first movie had a fragrant odor, the smell, say, of Lysol sprayed in a gas station bathroom, Anacondas actually stinks.	Once this movie's momentum gets going, watching it is like experiencing a schlocky monster movie, Lord of the Flies and Peter Gabriel's Shock the Monkey video all at once.	A cheesy monster B-movie.
[Miller is] too interested in who her women are and what they might become to worry about what they should be.	A terrific film.	Each individual, self-contained segment serves as testament to Miller's strengths as a storyteller.	A trilogy of stories about women on the edge that features no less than three rotten dads.	Comes across like an audio book to which photos have been rather unnecessarily added.	Uneven, but a keenly observed and well-acted film about three women's lives.
Ne réinventant pas l'approche de sa série, Gus Van Sant nous offre plutôt avec Last Days une uvre qui effectue brillamment la synthčse des deux opus précédents.	Last Days will cast a poetic spell on some viewers, as it did this one, and will seem mind-sappingly boring to others.	Last Days banks on a gawking curiousity so isolated by its sensory surfaces that it remains both mesmerizing and defiantly unengaging...	...less art than a joyless exercise in poorly conceived perversity.	... Van Sant takes an impressionistic, non-linear approach, which creates a queasy disorientation in this atmosphere of decay and deterioration.	While the minimalist style is not for all viewers, those who prefer experimentalism will find Last Days hypnotic.
One of those extraordinary films that transcends genre and period to provide fresh, untold pleasures year after year.	Among the best of what Hollywood has to offer.	A riveting, funny, and suspenseful horror classic.	A must for anyone with even a passing interest in horror, this not only confirms Karloff as a master of the genre, but also shows, more than any of Whale's subsequent films, the influence of his vision.	Karloff manages to invest the character with some subtleties of emotion that are surprisingly real and touching.	An eccentric, campy, technically impressive, and frightening picture, James Whale's Bride of Frankenstein has aged remarkably well.
Tyler Perry still hasn't found the formula for combining comedy and drama	Tyler Perry's heart is in the right place, but he still has a tin ear.	Perry is a shameless panderer and his movie is cliché-ridden, rudimentary, completely unfocused and about as subtle as a wind-breaking contest in church.	Although his work isn't high art and is occasionally problematic, he's telling stories that aren't often told. And for that, this black woman can't be too mad at him.	A Tyler Perry tour de force!	Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion is sincere in its positive intentions, but leaves something to be desired as a film.
I haven't had this much fun at the movies in a long time.	[A] movie-lover's movie.	Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang is the smartest, fastest, funnest Hollywood update on '40s film noir from someone who knows the turf well.	Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang is the first movie since 1994's Pulp Fiction not just to understand movie violence as a pop cultural form ... but to play it like a virtuoso violinist.	It's Chinatown on crack; no, make that Chinatown on crystal meth.	Tongue-in-cheek satire blends well with entertaining action and spot-on performances in this dark, eclectic neo-noir homage.
No one, male or female, pregnant or childless, who sees The Business of Being Born will ever see the hospital maternity ward as a normal environment again.	As issue docs go, The Business Of Being Born is about as well-put-together and non-aggravating as the genre can get -- which isn't saying much, but it's still a small victory.	Director Abby Epstein is clearly biased in favor of home birth, but that doesn't make her case any less square.	Interviews with the mothers and footage of the birth process combine to offer intimate portraits of women preparing for and experiencing this natural phenomenon that has become increasingly mechanized.	Not a lot new about the U.S. obstetrics industry, but despite its faults, its arguments are worth bringing to a new generation of health providers and expectant parents.	Epstein's argument in favor of home birthing is certainly biased -- but its biases are so transparent, and so impassioned, that they work in the film's favor.
Falls back on movie in-jokes that are often unfunny, while the amusing spoofs are irrelevant because they're not even Warner Bros films!	Too much humans, not enough toons.	Has its funny moments, but all too often it's a corny, lackluster film in which humans pretend (not always convincingly) to interact with cartoons.	Click to read the article.	The leads, Ms. Elfman and Mr. Fraser, as well as most of the other actors, portray clichés with characterizations flatter than Wile E. Coyote after the anvil falls on him.	The plot is a nonsensical, hyperactive jumble and the gags are relatively uninspired compared to the classic Looney Tunes cartoons.
Scottish director Kevin Macdonald specializes in making historic or potentially dry material seem as urgent as an ambulance siren.	Represents mainstream Hollywood filmmaking at its best.	Instead of luring us down an ever-darker and twistier path, it strands us in a tedious and ill-designed maze.	State of Play succeeds by establishing a brisk tone early on and sticking by it, sweeping the audience along whether they like it or not.	A heck of a roller coaster ride, even if the rabbit-out-of-the-hat resolution is likely to leave you feeling cheated. Sometimes, getting there is all the fun.	A taut, well-acted political thriller, State of Play overcomes some unsubtle plot twists with an intelligent script and swift direction.
Doug Pray, has made a fascinating look at a man who not only was a great revolutionary, but a pure human being.	Surfwise is a captivating documentary highlighted by some significant scenes of naked confession and an overall portrait of misplaced intelligence...a powerful document of familial agitation and disillusionment.	Not just the story of one man's obsessive quest to find harmony on a plank of wood, Surfwise offers a cautionary tale about parenting, homeschooling (camper-schooling, actually), sibling rivalries and family sacrifice.	A fascinating, thought-provoking film.	When so many documentaries today seem concerned only with arguing a point, it's nice to see something like this which seeks only to reveal.	An intriguing account of a unique family.
An openly and specifically political, intelligent and refined call against apathy.	This jabbering, photographed pamphlet might spark some discussion, but as a movie it suffocates on gas.	The long-winded speeches were made tolerable by the superb acting, but I got the point long before the speeches were over. I would have liked more of Luke and Pena. Still, Meryl Streep could easily grab a nomination. Meryl never whimpers - she roars.	Polemics can be very entertainment. Intellectual argument films are just boring.	Lions for Lambs provides a more robust debate about the wars we're in and may soon be in (in regard to Iran, the movie feels like it was written yesterday) than you're likely to get from any cable news show.	Despite its powerhouse cast, Lions for Lambs feels like a disjointed series of lectures, rather than a sharp narrative, and ends up falling flat.
The film's biggest problem is the same one that dogs every action-hero series: How long can you keep upping the ante before turning into self-parody?	Spider-Man 3 is the longest film in the series so far, and perhaps it tries to pack in rather too much. But it's intelligently directed by Sam Raimi and, with all those eye-popping set pieces, it's certainly never boring.	What's missing? Momentum. A touch of meanness. A centrifugal threat like Molina's octopus man. (In terms of dramatic stature, the three villains here don't add up to one Doc Ock.)	The third adventure of the guy with arachnid superpowers tries gamely, is solidly entertaining and possesses dazzling special effects, but it falls short of the near-perfection of the Spidey sequel.	The point of Spider-Man 3, underscored by all the posters, trailers, and buzz, is black Spidey.	Though there are more characters and plotlines, and the action sequences still dazzle, Spider-Man 3 nonetheless isn't quite as refined as the first two.
There's no excuse for a big budget Hollywood production having as many holes and loose ends as this one.	Folks are inhaled into the sky like a line of coke up a producer's nose. If ever there was a movie where the cast should be sucked into the stratosphere, this would be it.	After toying with the audience for most of the picture's time, 'The Forgotten' simply leaves us hanging.	Raises more (and rather obvious) questions than it answer about the impetus and intelligence behind the eventual truth -- and especially about the coherence of its conclusion.	[W]hy dramatize your premise when you can blow the windows out of an abandoned warehouse instead?	The premise grows too ridiculous to take seriously.
Brave breaks Disney fairytale legacy and in doing so finally creates believable female characters that form the emotional core to the whimsy, terror and tradition of this magical Celtic tale.	The movie's thoughtful depiction of the mother-daughter bond is female-forward enough to mark "Brave" as special.	Still better than 90% of the family entertainment out there. But there's a whole lot of craftsmanship but not so much magic in Brave.	A poignant, grandly entertaining 3-D Highland romp that will leave everyone wanting to give mum a big hug.	Pixar is long overdue for a feature with a strong female character at its center. Now that she's arrived, it's clear that she deserves better.	Brave offers young audiences and fairy tale fans a rousing, funny fantasy adventure with a distaff twist and surprising depth.
Charming but sentimental...	...a sweet parable about making your own family.	Even when the material is rather thin and obvious -- and it sometimes is -- Sharif and Boulanger's performances make Monsieir Ibrahim agreeable.	Deeply felt and deeply affecting.	If Sharif's enigmatic, layered performance isn't enough for you, then Adjani, as France's most famous sex goddess, should fill your plate. Viva La France!	With tender, assured performances, Sharif and Boulanger elevate what might have been a rote coming-of-age tale.
From start to finish, fascinating, compelling film, filled with excellent performances and sage direction.	Belongs to Moreno.	For the most part, the film is done effectively, and there are some genuinely tense moments.	Harrowing story of a young drug mule.	Sensitive and lucid portrayal of innocence lost and dignity reclaimed.	In a striking debut, Moreno carries the movie and puts a human face on the drug trade.
A disappointingly flabby teen flick that reaches for (and spectacularly fails to grasp) both the effective sincerity of a John Hughes film and the irresistible humor of Superbad.	This is dreadful. This is a pathetic excuse for a movie.	A joyless, misjudged and witless comedy.	Perhaps Columbus was involved in a hideous car accident recently that left him brain damaged, or maybe tragic senility is creeping up on the 51-year-old filmmaker. I refuse to believe he willingly created something this monstrously unfunny.	The woefully unfunny I Love You, Beth Cooper is a teen sex comedy's worst enemy.	Heavily reliant on stereotypes and shallow teen comedy clichés, I Love You Beth Cooper is a humorless affair that fails to capture the charm of its source novel.
For those too young to remember, Sputnik Mania documents the fear and anxiety that gripped the United States half a century ago when the Soviet Union launched the first satellite in October 1957.	The sharply edited film, which includes (happily) just a few talking heads but mostly exciting archival celluloid and campy stock is a love letter to Ike Eisenhower.	Filled with funny moments ... it perfectly and even-handedly captures the spirit of the time.	The enlightening Sputnik Mania looks at the late '50s, a time that was dominated by Cold War hysteria.	The archival footage here is great, and the cosmos-conquering craziness will satisfy space-race nuts. But the small budget is obvious, so director David Hoffman couldn't go from the Earth to the moon on every detail.	Featuring riveting footage, Sputnik Mania is an informative, well-made piece that effectively captures the mood during the height of the Cold War.
Like a great jazz musician, Reichart understands that striking a single, well-placed note can resonate more profoundly than playing a splashy cascade of noise just because you can.	A film of microscopic mood shifts, at once open-ended and precise.	This film reminded me of a Raymond Carver short story or a John Cassavettes film in that emotions rule the day, but their root is never fully explained. You just get a feeling.	A camping trip shared by two longtime friends provides the basis for a beautifully nuanced study in friendship and the irretrievability of the past in Old Joy.	Old Joy (adapted by writer Jonathan Raymond from his own short story) is only 76 minutes long, but it has the contemplative power of Buddhist meditation.	A serene, melancholy beauty permeates this meditative portrait of deep friendship and faded glory.
[The film has] a smug faith in the ability of its own speed, smartness and luxe to wow the yokels.	Trailer trash Hitchcock spliced with overboiled film noir.	The snappy dialogue and high-calibre acting, by the central characters and a strong supporting cast ... keeps the film from tipping over the brink into Showgirls territory.	Call me a prude, but it's not sexy watching an erotic thriller in which every time a couple does it, one of them gets it with an ice pick. I don't care how many firmly toned tummies and tushes are bared.	The result may be flimsy, but it goes out and grabs you from the start.	Unevenly echoing the work of Alfred Hitchcock, Basic Instinct contains a star-making performance from Sharon Stone but is ultimately undone by its problematic, overly lurid plot.
One of the dullest road movies ever made, as well as a cloying, predictable, girl-bonding film.	Clichés pile up in Crossroads, but it's harmless, powder-puff fun.	Let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears.	It'd be hard to find anything new for the worn-out formula. Rest assured, Spears and director Tamra Davis do not.	Utterly formulaic and forgettable teen trifle.	A cliched and silly pop star vanity project, Crossroads is strictly for Britney fans only.
An enjoyable ensemble movie anchored by Hanks' incredible -- and incredibly generous -- performance.	The first 45 minutes or so are interesting, as we learn about Hanks' character and his unusual situation. Then the whole thing takes a nose dive and never recovers.	The Terminal is one of those films that is so warm and fuzzy you want to cuddle up on the couch with it.	'Spielberg logra una fantasía sentimental, romántica y sumamente divertida que deja una amplia sonrisa en la boca y la idea de que la vida puede ser mucho menos complicada.'	Holds several small treasures and one crown jewel of a performance by Tom Hanks.	Tom Hanks and the rest of the amiable cast make this bumpy ride worth sitting through.
The movie suffers from sloppy screen-writing and poor execution... it still is superior to a prime-time television movie of the week.	I can see why director Tony Goldwyn has been drawn to the story for over a decade. I'm just not sure the end result completely works.	Conviction is way too routine, not fleshed out enough and rather uninspired. I'd recommend it for a watch just for the performances alone but that's it.	It's a little too convinced of its own righteousness and doesn't see enough need for character doubt or drama. In many spots in fact it's quite good, but it thinks it's better than it is and doesn't see any reason to make it's own case.	While script, pacing and direction all give this the feel of a TV movie, it's the performances that elevate it.	Less compelling -- and more manipulative -- than it should be, Conviction benefits from its compelling true story and a pair of solid performances from Swank and Rockwell.
If you're a parent ... this isn't a bad 75-minute distraction for the little ones.	Unlike many feature length cartoons this one doesn't make any attempt to jazz up a classic tale with adult-friendly dialogue and plays strictly for kids. Most moppets should love the characters and incidents.	Piglet's Big Movie is what might be called second-rank Disney animation [but it] works, the kids will like it, and it provides a little escape from the news.	While nowhere near as captivating as ABC's "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh," this is a pleasant enough family diversion.	Forget about deadlines, taxes and politics: the most important things in the world are mom, cookies, crayons, and good friends. And the only thing that can hinder a day full of directionless play and bouncing around is a bath.	Wholesome and charming entertainment for young children.
As animated features go, it's strictly paint-by-numbers.	Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.	...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.	The Wild is not really bad; it's just tired.	Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'	With a rehashed plot and unimpressive animation, there's nothing wild about The Wild.
The filmmakers seem to think that bringing back the old gang again guarantees success regardless of whether they have fresh material with which to work.	Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time.	The Austin Powers films have never, ever been anything approaching high-brow, but the uneven Goldmember seems to take a big step toward the extremely juvenile, with more scatological and fewer sex jokes.	Austin Powers is an asset to American cinema.	The films are unusual in that they've actually gotten better as they've gone on, meaning that Goldmember is the best of the three.	While the narrative structure is messy and doesn't make much sense, the third installment of the Austin Powers franchise contains enough inspired bits to entertain.
Profoundly affecting in the virtuosity of ensemble performance art.	The music is great. The acting is so-so.	Demonstrates yet again the enduring quality of Shakespeare's work.	What they have done with West Side Story in knocking it down and moving it from stage to screen is to reconstruct its fine material into nothing short of a cinema masterpiece.	It is a great movie ... in parts.	Buoyed by Robert Wise's dazzling direction, Leonard Bernstein's score, and Stephen Sondheim's lyrics, West Side Story remains perhaps the most iconic of all the Shakespeare adaptations to visit the big screen.
The fun and energy of those performances show the promise that was lost - and the pleasure that's still in the music.	Those of us lucky enough to have seen the punk, funk and ska band in a sweaty nightclub might have borrowed a different title: "Party at Ground Zero."	"Everyday Sunshine" presents a raw lesson in how artistry and success often make incompatible partners.	Dynamic elements lend the film an intoxicating, electric vibe that sets it apart from most "behind the scenes" documentaries.	Aspires to be more than an episode of Behind the Music and succeeds largely due to the amazing talent of the band it chronicles, the stunning, one-and-only Fishbone.	Everyday Sunshine: The Story of Fishbone is an entertaining, heartwarming, and balanced documentary about the influential Los Angeles band.
Herzog's engrossing examination of a real life triple murder demonstrates that evil doesn't reside only on death row.	Herzog might have an opinion, but he does not take a side.	An eerie, unsettling and slightly macabre attempt to understand the how and why of three senseless murders in 2001 in Texas.	[Herzog's] piercing gaze provides a tightly focused look at the realities underlying our nation's continued reliance on this archaic tool of criminal justice.	I've long felt Herzog's personality is compelling and penetrating, and in evidence I could offer this film about Texans who are so different from the West German director.	Another probing, insightful look at an interesting subject, Werner Herzog explores the American prison system with passion and not politics.
Neverland is a heartfelt movie that manages to evoke the magic of "Peter Pan" in the most refreshingly basic, unexpected ways.	Utterly charming, graceful, and poignant.	Forster has made a film that's sanitized and bland, replacing passion with maudlin melodrama.	Glorious entertainment.	It's a mild pleasure to watch.	It won't pass muster for those looking for historical accuracy, but Finding Neverland is a warm, heartfelt drama with a charm all its own -- and Johnny Depp gives a graceful performance as Peter Pan creator J.M. Barrie.
This version of the Musketeers story can't decide if it wants to be an old-fashioned tale of swashbuckling adventure and palace intrigue or a cheeky, effects-heavy rethink of some iconic characters a la the Guy Ritchie-directed Sherlock Holmes.	Doesn't bode well for poor Alexandre Dumas who continues rolling in his grave.	Though all the right names, places and times are present and correct according to the ancient blueprint dictated by author Alexandre Dumas, the simple swashbuckling vibe of the original tale is rarely captured.	The movie suffers from the malady that all remakes have - if you change it too much it becomes unrecognizable and you upset people like me who want the same thing only modernized, if you keep it the same it becomes unoriginal and a pointless exercise.	Anderson's previous offences against cinema include films such as Mortal Kombat, Resident Evil and Death Race. In view of the classic source material that this vandalises, The Three Musketeers is his most regrettable atrocity yet.	It plays admirably fast and loose with Alexandre Dumas' classic tale, but in every other respect, The Three Musketeers offers nothing to recommend -- or to set it apart from the many other film adaptations.
All co-star Jennifer Love Hewitt is asked to do as a veterinarian is to stroll around in short skirts, though she does it very well.	There are a good twenty-some reasons to hate Garfield. But the only reason you really need is that it's just not any good.	This is mediocre moviemaking, not even Bill Murray can save a weak script and weaker special effects.	I found nothing endearing, funny, or entertaining about Garfield or the film.	You recall an image of the fat cat on the Trapper Keeper, staring bleakly up at the sky with the subtitled thought bubble, Why me?	When the novelty of the CGI Garfield wears off, what's left is a simplistic kiddie movie.
Rather than make you smile and delight once more in the joys of childhood, this thudding family offering leaves you with a headache.	Smart, funny, with a wonderful cast and sweetly honest at its core.	A colourful, good-hearted romp with some memorable set-pieces and decent lines, crisply directed by David Bowers.	I hate to put down any effort to reach children and young teens with a positive message. As bad as I feel, I must be honest. This one just doesn't get there.	If you have hair anywhere on your body below the neck, you've got better things to do.	Moderately witty and acceptably acted, Diary of a Wimpy Kid 2 isn't much worse than the first installment.
classic screwball comedy	The speedy, 102-minute film is a total delight, and the performances are so invigorating that it can withstand many multiple viewings without losing its sparks.	One of the finest screwball comedies ever.	The gold standard of screwball comedy.	One of the great screwball comedies of all time; wonderful patter; delightful performances by Hepburn and Grant. A true timeless winner.	With Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant at their effervescent best, Bringing Up Baby is a seamlessly assembled comedy with enduring appeal.
Jeepers, Creepers. Can't anyone make a decent horror film anymore?	If it's less successful than the first one, that is not the same as saying that it's a failure.	Para compensar a falta de um roteiro, Victor Salva repete cada capotagem ou explosăo várias vezes, de ângulos diferentes. É como ver inúmeros replays em uma partida sem gols.	Avoids many of the pitfalls of the original by setting low goals and aiming for wholly generic, monster-horror mediocrity.	The Creeper is quite the compelling little devil; too bad he's realized amidst such familiar trappings and tiresome caricatures.	Jeepers Creepers 2 is competently made, but it doesn't have the scares of the original.
Although it has some memorably disquieting scenes, this story of long-delayed justice is sustained by its melancholy more than its thrills.	A stylish and intelligent Argentine offering -- destined to become a world cinema classic.	This Oscar-winning film deftly conflates a crime thriller with a smoldering romance.	Exalted and frustrating, graceful in its filmmaking and clumsy in its storytelling.	The Secret in Their Eyes ... is an enjoyable procedural in its own right. Campanella's film is the Argentine equivalent of Gone Baby Gone, with a touch of Atonement thrown in for good measure.	Unpredictable and rich with symbolism, this Argentinian murder mystery lives up to its Oscar with an engrossing plot, Juan Jose Campanella's assured direction, and mesmerizing performances from its cast.
It's involving, well-directed and well-acted.	Frears' presentation of his world is so passionate that you wish Dirty Pretty Things had the dramatic punch to match the vivid direction.	Although the film delves into an interesting topic -- black marketeers trading in human flesh -- the approach is far too clinical.	Frears' vision of London's invisible work force is never less than captivating and warmly sympathetic, and Ejiofor's performance is a portrait of exhausted dignity that will stick with you for years.	Lopez has so often been cast as an affable Teddy Bear that it's a real treat to see him inhabit this amoral schemer.	An illuminating and nuanced film about the exploitation of illegal immigrants.
A tremendously interesting film.	Sophistic morality disguised as pretentious comic-book entertainment.	...the work of a movie-savvy intelligence who understands exactly what he's doing	It is worth seeing and sustains the interest we have in what Shyamalan might do next.	A depressing, definitive case of a film that experiences in its third and final act what one could either call, charitably, a total loss of its convictions, or, less charitably, a total brain aneurysm.	With a weaker ending, Unbreakable is not as a good as The Sixth Sense. However, it is a quietly suspenseful film that intrigues and engages, taking the audience through unpredictable twists and turns along the way.
The idea behind the film is such a good one that I wish a more talented filmmaker than Kevin Willmott, and one with better resources, had come up with it.	The film's decision to incorporate genuine examples of human horror (photographs of the Wounded Knee Massacre and Southern lynch mob violence) are thoroughly out of place in a movie that tries to score satirical points.	For all its wit, the overwhelming feeling is one of sadness, as the CSA history and our actual USA history really aren't that far removed.	A film that provokes some big laughs during its viewing and some unsettling thoughts afterward.	CSA: The Confederate States of America offers a smart balance of edgy thoughtfulness and off-beat entertainment.	Through the eyes of a British "documentary", this film takes a satirically humorous, and sometimes frightening, look at the history of an America where the South won the Civil War.
No, it's not the Jenna Bush story...just another mediocre romantic comedy for the teen set.	Chasing Liberty should have been called "How To Deal with Chasing Liberty While Remembering To Walk."	Bastou um pouco de ambiחדo para que este simpבtico representante do gךnero 'בgua-com-aחתcar' deixasse o similar (e ruim) A Filha do Presidente a anos-luz de distגncia.	The annual edition of Bad Judgment Theater featuring everyone's favourite holier-than-thou teen Mandy Moore.	A generic, bland formula.	Formulaic comfort food for the teen crowd.
With finely judged performances from Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine, it's a great way to spend an evening, and it's something you won't forget about in the morning.	Despite some entertaining moments and a terrific performance by its lead, it's not a perfect film and does have some problems.	Not to be missed on any account.	Wilder and IAL Diamond's brilliantly witty screenplay has a serious undertow as it savages corporate ethics and conjugal infidelity.	A true classic. It's about advancement, ambition, corruption and adultery, and it operates as both a satire and a sorrowful romance.	Director Billy Wilder's customary cynicism is leavened here by tender humor, romance, and genuine pathos.
The movie takes a slice out of the American Pie recipe book by at least making the final screen product funnier than the trailer.	You just can't help yukking while you're yeching at Road Trip.	Road Trip is broadly amusing with a few bright spots. But those can't cover up the major gaps in storytelling, characterization and laughs.	A rare film that is consistently funny with the majority of its jokes hitting the bulls-eye.	This, while trying really hard, is one lame movie. One can afford to miss it.	Some humor is hit or miss, depending on the audience tastes, but the movie is funny overall. Mixed reviews for the cast, especially for MTV's Tom Green.
Think 'Lethal Weapon' in the closet . . .	The result is great, brainless fun.	A much tighter and harder-hitting action flick than you might expect.	An awful, smug, monster truck of a movie.	A fun, frantic two-hander	Brutally violent and punishingly dull, this cookie-cutter buddy cop thriller isn't even fun enough to reach "so bad it's good" status.
The visual equivalent of a souvenir concert T-shirt that is worn a few times and then eventually tossed into a closet by its owner when they eventually move on to the next big fad	The Glee phenomenon hits the big screen with this oddly conceived movie, which documents the social phenomenon but reveals nothing about the series or actors beyond the songs they sing.	I don't really like "Glee" the TV show. I do really like "Glee: The 3D Concert Movie."	A vigorous documentary putting on display the youthful energy, talent, and respect for diversity of the singing and dancing cast members of TV's popular Glee series.	Here is the problem: If you separate these kids from their characters, if you remove their showtunes from the storylines that make them so dazzling in the fantasy-reality play of the series, then Glee is stripped of its core appeal.	The unconverted will remain just as perplexed as ever, but for gleeful Gleeks, The 3D Concert Movie delivers exactly what it promises.
Shutter coughs up another vengeful ghost in the form of a spurned Japanese waif who appears in photographs and sets about getting her message across as many ghosts do -- in the most indirect, passive-aggressive, logic-defying way imaginable	As far as the Asian horror remakes go, I've seen a lot worse... But then again, I've seen a lot better.	Strictly perfunctory in its concept and execution, Shutter presents the usual series of spooky images of a deadpan female ghost showing up at odd times and moving in the slow, jerky movements that are de rigueur for the genre.	Ultimately becomes little more than a series of derivative, predictable genre conventions without the necessary skill to back them up.	With Shutter, that nerve-tingling soundtrack gets heavy use almost from the beginning of the movie. It becomes tiresome.	Being a remake of a Thai horror film instead of Japanese doesn't prevent Shutter from being another lame Asian horror remake.
The guiltiest pleasure of the year!	En se donnant lui-mЖme carte blanche, Cohen confжra une жtonnante crжdibilitж Я un personnage qui, en soi, n'en a absolument aucune.	Hilarious, and purposefully offensive.	Vulgar, hilarious, and frighteningly revealing.	There is little that is subtle about the Borat film - it's a "make sex on your face" kind of experience, an onslaught of Jew, Gay, "foreign", Baptist and Texan jokes. It's also very, very funny.	Jagshemash! Borat gets high-fives almost all-around for being offensive in the funniest possible way. Part satire, part shockumentary, Borat stars Sacha Baron Cohen as the gleefully sexist, homophobic, and anti-Semitic title character on a cross-country trek to learn more about our strange nation; along the way he dredges up the seamy underbelly of American prejudice and ignorance. Now the cat is out of the bag, what will Cohen do for an encore?
In writer-director Martin McDonagh's hazy but fun meditation on friendship, the art of storytelling and masculine morality gone off the rails. If it's hard to keep 'em all straight without a scorecard, just go with it.	Uproariously funny, gleefully violent, delightfully meta and spectacularly original.	There's ... a uniquely affecting spiritual component to McDonagh's work, something he explores here via two sublimely ridiculous stories-within-the-story about a razor-wielding Quaker and a vengeful Vietnamese monk.	This movie was that it felt like a comedian on stage who doesn't give a shit about the audience and if they're getting laughs when the audiences thinks they should. It's a refreshing attitude that I enjoyed but also at times left me a little cold.	Christopher Walken has starred in over one hundred movies and whether he is playing a deer hunter or a dog-napper, has there ever been a better scene stealer?	Seven Psychopaths delivers sly cinematic commentary while serving up a heaping helping of sharp dialogue and gleeful violence.
The experience of watching this movie is a marginal and moderately disappointing one.	a dull concoction of literary antiheroes that brings back unwelcome memories of torturous high-school English classes, where even bloodsuckers, shape shifters and buccaneers somehow managed to bore us to tears	Weak climax, but overall, the film is quite enjoyable, never too serious about itself, always in it for the fun and adventure.	Creators Moore and O'Neill always let on that they have a better grasp of history than the average reader. Director Norrington displays quite the opposite.	Simply put, it's too much of a good thing.	Just ordinary. LXG is a great premise ruined by poor execution.
Despite its flaws After Innocence raises staggering questions about virtually every aspect of the criminal-justice system.	Calm, deliberate and devastating, Jessica Sanders's documentary confirms many of the worst fears about weaknesses in the American criminal-justice system.	A strikingly varied collection of individual stories with a chilling common thread: the ease with which the criminal justice system can and does fail law-abiding, innocent Americans each and every day.	A compelling look at a flawed system.	Come Oscar night, After Innocence will almost certainly trump them all. It's not necessarily better than any of the others, but its call for social awareness rings out bolder and rises higher.	This understated yet emotionally devastating documentary lets the stories of its subjects speak for themselves.
The gladiators of ancient Rome never entered the arena with more pride, passion or determination.	After a few flourishes of Errol Morris-like editing, first-timer Browne settles into a tone resembling the ESPN telecasts so crucial to the PBA's revenue stream, thriving on the intrinsic drama of competition and the league's emerging star system.	While the movie is strong on the history of its subject, it allows some yawns to enter its own account of a big, heavily hyped tournament. Still, it's very entertaining.	A spunky documentary about the frantic efforts to resurrect the moribund sport of bowling.	Without the social questions posed at the beginning of the film, the footage of the competition is not likely to be strong enough on its own to lasso in a new generation of players.	Even if bowling isn't your sport, this colorful documentary is still an entertaining watch.
I thought it was an original idea with an extremely authentic look and acting from its main characters, but God help if I didn't really find it all that interesting, scary or even entertaining.	Who's afraid of the big Blair Witch? Almost everyone...	Myrick and Sבnchez created something that will be remembered not so much for its story or professional quality, but for its novel approach and the impact that resulted.	What can anyone say about The Blair Witch Project that hasn't been trumpeted from a thousand Web sites already?	The movie's unfinished, catch-as-catch-can look, complete with jiggly camerawork and sometimes blurred imagery, is one of the primary reasons it's so disturbing and creepy.	Full of creepy campfire scares, mock-doc The Blair Witch Project keeps audiences in the dark about its titular villain -- thus proving that imagination can be as scary as anything onscreen.
Funny, sad, thoughtful and surprising, the greatest con Matchstick Men pulls is manipulating the audience into believing they know exactly what the film's all about.	Only the most gullible of viewers will likely be duped by the painfully et cetera who's-conning -whom antics or the mounds of forced sentimentality under which they're ill-disguised.	The screenplay for Matchstick Men is an achievement of Oscar calibre -- so absorbing that whenever it cuts away from 'the plot,' there is another, better plot to cut to.	Ridley Scott has assembled the ingredients in this movie like a perfectly iced martini that is stirred, not shaken. The result is dry but refreshing -- and with a kick.	For this role, Cage combined the hysterical qualities of his earliest roles with seriousness of later ones. It was a masterful performance.	Breezy and well-acted, Matchstick Men focuses more on the characters than on the con.
[a] dark and extravagant crime drama	The ingredients are all in place for pulp mayhem.	clearly the work of a genius	It's one of the truly great works of the American cinema, and it shows just what kind of excellence movies are capable of.	one of the darkest, most intriguing movies ever made	Artistically innovative and emotionally gripping, Orson Welles' classic noir is a visual treat, as well as a dark, sinister thriller.
It's like a poor man's Neverending Story or an after-school special with an identity crisis.	A half-baked world no kid would want to visit.	A movie that fails on nearly every level.	The low-tech film looks like a kid's crude drawing, plays like entry-level Game Boy, and is about as nourishing as a Tootsie Pop.	Script-wise, the film dutifully harps on the importance of dreams and believing in oneself, but it is painfully repetitive and something that is proclaimed more than demonstrated.	The decision to turn this kiddie fantasy into a 3-D film was a miscalculation.
While not bad enough to warrant a divorce, Just Married isn't the fun or funny union that it might have been.	Besides the sub-par script the problem is that Kutcher and Murphy have zero chemistry.	Just uninspired and mostly unfunny.	They had the opportunity to create a film with big laughs, and they dropped the ball.	Kutcher and Murphy deserve better than this leaden, misfire of a movie and so do audiences.	Just Married's plot is predictable, and the overdone pratfalls get tiresome.
It takes a premise that is unworkable to begin with, stretches it so far that no one will buy it, and then utilizes only the stalest and most obvious jokes anyway.	White Girls is something of a guilty pleasure -- it's undeniably crass and stupid but it's also frequently hilarious.	Filmgoers will enjoy their own insiders' look at the excess and at a fraction of the price.	The makeup job meant to establish the Wayans' as white women is one of the least convincing since Meryl Streep's rabbi in Angels in America.	Looks aren't evernything. But n a movie about appearances, they matter a great deal.	Scattershot comedy that's silly and obvious.
One of the deepest impressions The Circle leaves is of the terrifying but also in its way thrilling complexity of experience.	More than a window on an oppressed society -- it's filmmaking on the sharp edge of a knife.	The deceptively simple story leads up to an exceptionally powerful ending that will have you mulling it over for days.	Though stark and difficult, The Circle will leave you feeling alive.	The Circle basically shows that Iran is a police state with severe measures for keeping women in control.	Bleak, yet powerful, The Circle offers a searing indictment of the oppressive conditions experienced by women in Iran.
A powerful debut film and a remarkable tale of oppression and liberation, and one that leaps right to the top of the unfortunately brief list of LGBT-themed films set in the Islamic world.	Circumstance suggests a new way of showing stories about young Iranians even as it stumbles and falls over myriad narrative miscalculations.	Cinematographer Brian Rigney Hubbard ("Tanner Hall") frames many of his shots with doorways, either with a character point of view observing from or his camera observing through, evoking the lines which characters may or may not cross.	Circumstance is in many ways an impressive achievement. But its mix of documentary detail and melodramatic plotting ultimately tips toward the latter.	A weighty topic receives lush but eventually contrived treatment in Circumstance.	A thought-provoking, insightful look into Iranian youth culture.
One movie you can pronounce a modern classic with absolute confidence.	The important thing is that Carrey and the filmmakers have taken pains to give Truman that soul -- which, in itself, provides a kind of depth. In any case, it gets you to care about how it's going to end.	Its theme -- to what degree will we eventually allow television to outpower us? -- is clear, poignant, and relevant.	The smartest, funniest, most original Hollywood movie in ages.	Everything studio filmmaking should be but almost never is.	A funny, tender, and thought-provoking film, The Truman Show is all the more noteworthy for its remarkably prescient vision of runaway celebrity culture and a nation with an insatiable thirst for the private details of ordinary lives.
It's very powerful but disturbing stuff.	...all the more effective for its lack of hysteria. It isn't a finger-pointing song so much as a lament for the death of character - the quality that permits us to follow our principles despite our fears.	It's with Dilawar that the film begins and ends, and it's with Dilawar that Alex Gibney's documentary can rest its case%u2014his story speaks with the deepest ache. Dilawar's face stares back%u2014a young, bearded man, his eyes wide in fright.	Taxi to the Dark Side adds something new to our awareness -- interviews with soldiers who served as interrogators in Afghanistan, and in Iraq's notorious Abu Ghraib prison, and who, in some cases, served prison terms themselves.	Exhaustively researched and shattering documentary by Alex Gibney.	Taxi to the Dark Side is an intelligent, powerful look into the dark corners of the War on Terror.
The movie's patronizing smugness, an often ham-handed script credited to five different screenwriters and at least one major performance that's not quite in sync, seem to hamper all the good intentions.	When Susan Sarandon wants you to cry, you cry. When Julia Roberts wants you to smile, you smile.	The film's effectiveness had less to do with the story than it did the strong work of the actors.	The script is a mishmash of clichés, inferior melodrama, and howlingly embarrassing dialogue, and the director, Chris Columbus, shows no evidence that he understands the meaning of the term 'subtle'.	If there's a market out there for a good post-Christmas cry, Stepmom will succeed.	Great performances from the leads can't save this factory mill tearjerker.
Script seeks a more menacing, mournful path, examining the chaos and extraordinary paranoia of a wicked brood, starkly assessing the corrosive effects of lawbreaking with a convincingly cinematic stance.	Writer/director David Michod handles his material with great confidence, allowing some powerful acting.	Artful to a fault, straining so hard for Shakespearean import it saps whatever life and energy there was to be had in this familiar, low-stakes tale.	Never unravels, holding us in a vice grip until we're practically begging to be set free.	A dark rites-of-passage story meets lethal Shakespearean drama, with low-key performances that artfully get under the skin.	With confident pacing, a smart script, and a top-notch cast, Animal Kingdom represents the best the Australian film industry has to offer.
Mistaken for Strangers is both Tom's Fitzcarraldo and his Burden of Dreams: a product and record of his ability to complete something ambitious and, thus, a test of his self-worth.	Both inspiring and profoundly entertaining.	Mistaken For Strangers is a documentary about the documentary process itself, as well as a scruffy, but resonant portrait of a younger sibling breaking from the shadow of his older brother.	It could easily have been a workaday music doc, but amid all the gigs, pit stops and sound checks emerges a funny and wry story of brothers at work.	The movie finds its center in the portrait of a brotherly bond tested and strengthened on the road.	A suitably complicated look at fraternal bonds, Mistaken for Strangers offers more depth and insight than the usual tour documentary.
Cliché title, fun movie... a premium wire-fu fantasy.	When Chan and Li match wits, each celebrates the other's presence. This isn't just a martial-arts display; it's generosity and camaraderie in motion.	Hilarious... And cheeky and cheery and so popcorn-a-licious a fantasy historical action comedy that you want to stand up and cheer.	The Forbidden Kingdom may lack the grace of Crouching Tiger or the grandeur of Hero, but [Rob] Minkoff's affection and respect for the film culture is genuine.	An unabashedly innocent, wide-eyed movie selling the ultimate in martial arts fantasy. It delivers beautifully.	This hotly-anticipated pairing of martial arts legends Jackie Chan and Jet Li features dazzling fight scenes but is weighed down by too much filler.
One of Ron Howard's most underrated films.	Not a bad view of the inner-workings at a daily	A film that should be recommended as skillfully done example of almost forgotten dramatic subgenre.	Perfectly captures the hubbub of the nation's newsrooms.	I think the movie ultimately is not a comedy -- although it is extremely funny. This is a first rate drama.	Fast and frenetic, The Paper captures the energy of the newsroom thanks to its cast and director on first-rate form.
As big-budget adaptations Broadway shows go, this is one of the best.	In adapting Lionel Bart's lavish musical for the screen, director Carol Reed tempered the sticky sentimentality with suitably Dickensian scenes of squalor.	A treasure of a movie.	Overrated at the time of release, the Oscar-winning Oliver! is a skillful but unexciting movie musical, one that softens considerably Dicken's famous novel, and not helped much by the mediocre staging of the production numbers.	Reed is craftsman enough to make an efficient family entertainment out of Lionel Bart's musical, but not artist enough to put back any of Dickens' teeth which Bart had so assiduously drawn.	It has aged somewhat awkwardly, but the performances are inspired, the songs are memorable, and the film is undeniably influential.
It's clear immediately that Payne is going for a nostalgic, unabashedly old-school feel...	'Nebraska' is one of those funny movies that turn emotional, but it slips in moments of unexpected depth.	More in line with About Schmidt than Sideways, Alexander Payne's latest is a warm and witty look at the relationship between fathers and sons...	The staging is mostly spot-on, especially when the father and son visit some cousins who can barely muster a moment's attention for their long-lost relatives before their eyes return to their television set.	These are not the kind of people you want to spend any time around, so why would you want to sit through a two hour film about them?	Elegant in its simplicity and poetic in its message, Nebraska adds another stirringly resonant chapter to Alexander Payne's remarkable filmography.
Among the joys here are the supporting players, each with well-defined stories and quirky personalities.	How ironic that woman who was the victim of such bad fortune and terrible cruelty would leave the world such a generous parting gift.	The sunniness of its tone is so disarming that it keeps you onside no matter what.	... a tartly enjoyable slice of romantic comedy served up with a dramatic bite.	This is a good-natured, whimsical comedy, as American as mom's apple pie, though there are some cloves baked in to temper the sweetness.	Sweet, smart, and quirky, Waitress hits the right, bittersweet notes through this romantic comedy through its witty script and a superb performance by Keri Russell.
A film as absorbing and unassuming as the central character.	If this exquisite, immersive, fully entertaining, dramatized account of real events can't get you excited about history... nothing will.	A rousing, rigorous and morally complex legal procedural more than a trad biopic. And all the better for it.	In all, there's too much material, too little revelation and almost nothing of Spielberg's reliable cinematic flair.	Lincoln is a stirring paradox, a dream of history as it might truly have happened.	Daniel Day-Lewis characteristically delivers in this witty, dignified portrait that immerses the audience in its world and entertains even as it informs.
For all its nods, winks and witty asides, it's a richly personal work, picking over the questions every creative artist must eventually ask: Am I 'for real'? Does it matter? And what is all this work worth, anyway?	If Citizen Kane is testament to a young man's genius then F For Fake is testament to a veteran's rebellious spirit and wicked sense of humour.	Like every good magic show, there's much more here than first meets the eye.	The last film to be completed by Orson Welles is also probably his most challenging. A tricksy combination of documentary, discourse and sleight of hand, F for Fake is as elusive as it is playful.	gives the viewer the feeling that he's in Welles's expansive company...while he considers and pontificates on a pet topic. That in itself is a privilege, and reason enough to check out F for Fake	F for Fake playfully poses intriguing questions while proving that even Orson Welles' minor works contain their share of masterful moments.
One word: BOOM!	Brute violence and a fascist mentality are the hallmarks of this Australian fantasy.	Gibson is suprisingly uncharismatic, but Miller makes up for it with whizz bang action.	An all-action movie that delivers all the violence and entertainment you could want.	An extravagant film fantasy that looks like a sadomasochistic comic book come to life.	The Road Warrior is everything a bigger-budgeted Mad Max sequel with should be: bigger, faster, louder, but definitely not dumber.
An unsettling and unforgettable snapshot of life among the zombies.	Undoubtedly the zombie movie to end 'em all.	Simply the best zombie horror flick ever made	This is both a fine straight-up horror and an archly sly comment on consumer society.	Essential, but overrated horror opus.	One of the most compelling and entertaining zombie films ever, Dawn of the Dead perfectly blends pure horror and gore with social commentary on bourgeois society.
Hallows's first hour is deadly, all right.	The trouble with Harry, as becomes clear from this seventh and penultimate installment, is not that we have lost the plot -- the film is as tangled and as corkscrewed as Bonham Carter's hair -- but that we are in danger of losing everything else.	Yates accomplishes more in the quiet scenes here than the big flashy ones. That's a little disconcerting thinking ahead to "Pt. 2" but the director certainly knows how to pile on a sense of dread.	full review at Movies for the Masses	Not wild about this "Harry". Half the book equals half the entertainment.	It can't help but feel like the prelude it is, but Deathly Hallows: Part I is a beautifully filmed, emotionally satisfying penultimate installment for the Harry Potter series.
Its success hinges directly on your ability to handle large amounts of Robin Williams.	Robin Williams at his scatalogical finest.	Make no mistake about it: Mr. Williams's performance, though it's full of uproarious comedy, is the work of an accomplished actor. ''Good Morning, Vietnam'' is one man's tour de force.	Offering only hackneyed insights into the war, the film makes for stodgy drama. But Williams' manic monologues behind the mike are worth anybody's money.	Somewhat preachy, but perfect blend of Williams' comedy and drama.	A well-calibrated blend of manic comedy and poignant drama, Good Morning, Vietnam offers a captivating look at a wide range of Robin Williams' cinematic gifts.
the animated film as pastoral poem, as beautiful a depiction of the natural world as one could imagine	Fawn-dly revered Disney classic.	The story, while classic in nature, is a bit thin, but Bambi is a breathtaking, jaw-dropping showcase of the ingenuity and genius of Disney animators.	Walt himself would have been proud of the two-disc special edition, which restores the Disney classic back to its original museum-quality luster ... maybe the only missing extra in this treasure is Bambi Meets Godzilla.	The glow and texture of the Disney brush reach new heights, especially in the treatment of a summer thunderstorm and a raging snowstorm.	Elegantly animated and deeply touching, Bambi is an enduring, endearing, and moving Disney classic.
[Hardy's performance is] the reason you'd see Locke, and the reason you may remember it fondly, long after the ride ends.	Take a ride with Tom Hardy in this beautiful, gripping film.	Known as the screenwriter of such estimable films as "Dirty Pretty Things" and "Eastern Promises," Stephen Knight delivers a glorified one-act play that makes up for what it lacks in location variety and story-arc in keenly written dialogue.	Lean, engrossing, and entirely unique - you'll never look at junction 5 of the M1 in the same way again.	Hardy does sterling work in evoking the shifting balance of self-loathing [and] pride in doing the right thing... As an exercise in pure character building, it's a great one.	A one-man show set in a single confined location, Locke demands a powerful performance -- and gets it from a never-more-compelling Tom Hardy.
The film seems a bit too in thrall to U2, which means far too much time is devoted to The Edge at the expense of watching Page fire through some of his thunderous Led Zeppelin riffs.	Guggenheim's depictions of his subjects' artistic development will strike universal chords in anyone who finds meaning in creativity.	If you're a fan of any of their bands, rock music or the electric guitar, you'll find a lot to love here.	entertaining, celebratory, and slightly defanged.	...a sweet little ride, a little glimpse into the spooky stuff inside.	An affectionate tribute to rock's most distinctive instrument, It Might Get Loud is insightful and musically satisfying.
Director Louis Leterrier uses digital technology to create enough battles and monsters to capture the attention of any jaded blockbuster fan.	It doesn't add up at all.	There's nothing wrong with the new Clash of the Titans that wasn't wrong with the first one. It's a loud, fun, colorful adventure flick. (Avoid the 3-D version!)	If you go into it and you're expecting big, dumb, loud, empty, pointless--then that's fine. Because that's what the film is.	There's not a lot of humor in this new Clash -- not intentional, anyway.	An obviously affectionate remake of the 1981 original, Louis Leterrier's Clash of the Titans doesn't offer enough visual thrills to offset the deficiencies of its script.
Truth is stranger than fiction, so the old saying goes. In 'Catch Me If You Can,' it's also more entertaining.	A fitting dessert to Spielberg's preceeding entree and main course of A.I. and Minority Report, and one hell of a ride.	"Catch Me" feels capable of charming the masses with star power, a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark.	Spielberg being Spielberg, he's surrounded himself with the best that money can buy, from the superb cast to the characteristically superb score by John Williams, and the result is his most purely enjoyable film in ages.	It's Spielberg with the message turned off, a jaunty two hours and 20 minutes that returns the director to his first love: blissfully pure cinematic fun.	With help from a strong performance by Leonardo DiCaprio as real-life wunderkind con artist Frank Abagnale, Steven Spielberg crafts a film that's stylish, breezily entertaining, and surprisingly sweet.
The cast is near perfect.	A rich but satisfying plum-pudding.	I was carried along by the wit, the energy and a surprising sweetness.	A sumptuous fictional glimpse into the creative mind of one of history's most brilliant theatrical minds.	A smart, rollicking romantic comedy that strikes a rare pitch comprising witty wordplay, bawdy fun, and passionate romance.	Endlessly witty, visually rapturous, and sweetly romantic, Shakespeare in Love is a delightful romantic comedy that succeeds on nearly every level.
A masterpiece! Too bold a statement you say? No way, Jose! You'll never pick up a can of Raid again.	The plot matures handsomely; the characters neatly converge and combust; the gags pay off with emotional resonance.	It is not just clever, it is imaginative. There are some genuinely inventive scenes that only an ant could have dreamt up. The people at Pixar must have worked hard at having so much fun.	Will seem naggingly familiar to those who have already seen Antz!	A hoot. Every bit as engaging and twice as clever as Toy Story, A Bug's Life is a pure, computer-generated delight.	A Bug's Life is a rousing adventure that blends animated thrills with witty dialogue and memorable characters - and another smashing early success for Pixar.
Someone involved in the making of The Back-Up Plan, a not very good and yet painless waste of time, has certainly thought through some life and love questions.	Back-Up Needs a Better Plan.	likable but largely predictable	It shows us Jenny from the Block is still flawlessly beautiful, while proving the theory that Hollywood is working on its last and only idea in the romantic-comedy genre.	A winning performance by Jennifer Lopez overcomes a formulaic and predictable rom-com that involves a planned pregnancy.	Jennifer Lopez is as appealing as ever, but The Back-Up Plan smothers its star with unrelatable characters and a predictable plot.
The flashy topicality amounts to little, and Peter Howitt's slavishly generic direction doesn't help.	This suspenseless, microchip-deep thriller bores whenever it's not a laugh riot display of astonishing idiocy.	A thriller even trilobites encased in rock would find predictable.	Warning: Fatal Movie Error. Plot and Acting Do Not Compute.	So obvious it invites laughter in all the wrong places.	Due to its use of cliched and ludicrous plot devices, this thriller is more predictable than suspenseful. Also, the acting is bad.
This brilliant film depicts the gradual decay and death of community life (what sociologist Toennis called Gemmeinshaft), lamenting the loss of intimacy and relationships, as a result of TV and other forces that forever changed American life.	Larry McMurtry's haunting Texas tale is a pure gem.	Peter Bogdanovich's 1971 movie is a coming-of-age story, a portrait of small-town Texas, and one of the all-time great American elegies.	It is difficult to know where to stop in listing the really outstanding performances -- Cloris Leachman, Ben Johnson, Timothy Bottoms, Eileen Brennan, et al.	The Last Picture Show is indeed one of the greatest movies ever made (although I hardly think the scorekeepers were waiting for my vote to come in before they declared it such).	Making excellent use of its period and setting, Peter Bogdanovich's small town coming-of-age story is a sad but moving classic filled with impressive performances.
I did not care much for the last part of the film, but the three-quarters of it is good enough that I'm recommending it.	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true.	Deeply evocative of what it was like to grow up in the early 1970s.	A charming reminder of the combustible mix of puberty and authority in the lives of 14-year-olds.	Chris Fuhrman ... couldn't have asked for a better cast of young actors to bring his bittersweet book to life.	The inter-cutting of animation by Spawn's creator, Todd McFarlane, doesn't always work, but the performances by the young actors capture the pains of growing up well.
While it might not quite live up to the catchy song 'Everything Is Awesome' that plays early on, it's quite good and should easily entertain both kids and adults alike. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	It's novel, it's entertaining, it's funny, it's witty, and though it revolves around one brand of toy, it never actually feels like one giant commercial.	Fast and funny, sly and subversive, even as its plot promotes inventive deconstruction, The Lego Movie is built to last.	"The Lego Movie" easily could have been a corporate commercial full of enticements for kids to buy toys, but it's not. Free-flowing and energetic, it's as fun as actual play.	By going off the proverbial reservation, making what amounts to a Lego movie for adults, even at the risk of displeasing those who wanted nothing more than a nostalgic wink fest, The Lego Movie merits praise as a true work of thematic richness.	Boasting beautiful animation, a charming voice cast, laugh-a-minute gags, and a surprisingly thoughtful story, The Lego Movie is colorful fun for all ages.
If you're a kid, you're going to see it. If you're a parent you may have no choice.	The Turtles, when not battling Shredder or providing Vanilla Ice with the basis for a rap number, kid around in enjoyable ways.	The plot, as primitive as it is, still isn't very clear; it never acquires the spontaneity or the force of a true "story" but seems to exist mainly as a pretext for the familiar Ninja banter so beloved of the cult, as in "Cowabunga, dudes," and such forth	One finds in them the same unabashed enjoyment of color and movement, of spectacular athletics and outrageous stunts, that animates the Hong Kong action cinema as a whole and makes it so superbly entertaining.	The artful grunge is gone -- and so's the edge. The whole movie is bright yet colorless	Not only is the movie's juvenile dialogue unbearable for adults, but the turtles' dopey and casual attitude towards physical violence makes them poor kids' role models.
Wan uses the lack of lighting, shaky camera and creepy music to keep us watching intently.	The jump to more outré ghost-train-style horror is perhaps a tad blunt, but it remains scary enough to make it easy to buy into the supernatural ride it's intent on taking you on.	Insidious is effectively creepy and is able to provide some great horror elements without the gore.	There's nothing wrong with its standard set up which has an unsuspecting family haunted by spirits. However, when it comes time for the film to follow through on the plotline, we find out the filmmakers weren't quite up to the task.	Insidious is quite scary and a lot of fun to go along with, as scare scenes are mixed up and played with in a way where I felt shortchanged with Sam Raimi's return-to-roots, Drag Me To Hell.	Aside from a shaky final act, Insidious is a very scary and very fun haunted house thrill ride.
An audacious, inventive and relentless action movie.	Kill Bill may have little on its mind besides pop extravagance, yet you can feel the movie tracing a transition in the world -- from West to East, from male to female rule.	An indulgent, outlandish, and thoroughly entertaining ballet of blood.	A hyper-violent, hyper-gory, kung-fu grindhouse flick. And there's nothing at all wrong with that.	An impressive exercise in style but little more.	Kill Bill is nothing more than a highly stylized revenge flick. But what style!
A slick, witty, fast-moving blend of sports story and history lesson with clear appeal beyond the hockey-fan demographic.	A moving and endlessly interesting portrait of the Soviet team and its many travails.	This engaging documentary provocatively suggests that the team succeeded in large part because of communist indoctrination.	Audiences knowing nothing about hockey will still be able to appreciate this movie as a somewhat jaunty take on the cold war and its aftermath - and resurgence.	Deserves a big boo-yah from audiences for being hugely entertaining, but the thorny subject of what constitutes national identity comes through loud and clear.	Fun and fascinating, Red Army delivers absorbing documentary drama for hockey fans and sports novices alike.
While one might wish to commend Wan and company for making a horror pic that's less reliant on gore and gross sadism than the ones that they're normally associated are, what they're serving up as an alternative really lacks.	There's no attempt at humor in Dead Silence, but the biggest sin in the film is the lack of scares.	It's also a bit shocking that a movie this mediocre is getting a cinema release at all. Dead Silence more resembles one of those five-quid DVDs you find in petrol stations.	The movie's uninteresting characters, boneheaded dialogue and flagrantly nonsensical narrative detract considerably from the virtues of the visual design.	Watching it, the amateur, institutionalized filmmaker might think, "Well, there it is--the movie to which I aspire." For the rest of us, however, things are predictably bleak.	More tasteful than recent slasher flicks, but Dead Silence is undone by boring characters, bland dialogue, and an unnecessary and obvious twist ending.
Religious horror with multiple shocks but little substance.	Think of it as The Omen meets Oil of Olay.	Religious horror will always be with us, but if The Reaping connects, it'll only be because we sinned on the ticket line.	If there is an instruction manual for supernatural horror films, the filmmakers of The Reaping have followed it to the letter. The result is derivative and predictable with little to recommend it beyond the star power of Hilary Swank	The 11th Biblical plague.	It may feature such accomplished actors as Hilary Swank and Stephen Rea, but The Reaping also boasts the apropos tagline "What hath God wrought?" It's schlocky, spiritually shallow, and scare-free.
Natalie Portman's performance doesn't really seem like the work of an exquisite actress, but rather the hard-won efforts of a dedicated performer.	... Portman is Oscar bait for sure ...	Aronofsky lets us thrill in the in the act of creation without ever letting us forget the terrible sacrifices many artists make to entertain us.	Darren Aronofsky is a national movie treasure at this point. His films aren't really art, they're just sort of arthouse by way of funhouse.	the most Keatsian work in Darren Aronofsky's growing portfolio of Romanticist explorations.	Bracingly intense, passionate, and wildly melodramatic, Black Swan glides on Darren Aronofsky's bold direction -- and a bravura performance from Natalie Portman.
This is one of the most visually off-putting films ever made by a director who supposedly makes beautiful pictures.	At times this fanciful romp lurches uneasily between violence, slapstick comedy and sublime escapism - in other words, it's pure Gilliam.	...the most nakedly commercial and impersonal film that Gilliam's ever made.	The Brothers Grimm has its moments, but it's ultimately a very flawed film and capsizes under the weight of some hammy performances and a poorly-conceived script.	It's easy to sense the allure this fantastic project held for Gilliam, but it's hard to imagine the outcome is anything like his early expectations.	The Brothers Grimm is full of beautiful imagery, but the story is labored and less than enchanting.
The result is several steps above the clunky, offputting animation of the series' early episodes.	The Rugrats Movie is more like a pleasant Sunday drive in a big smooth sedan than the TV show's riotous joyrides in a fast, shiny convertible.	A reasonably good time for the whole mini-van clan.	I think it's nothing short of shockingly irresponsible.	Television's most popular children's show successfully toddles to the big screen, offering all the sass and cuteness that Rugrats fans expect -- and more.	Charming characters; loads of fun for kids and adults.
American Splendor is certainly one of the most complete, satisfying and entertaining hybrid of documentary and dramatisation, as well as of live action and 2D animation/comic stills.	About more than just one surly individual. It's a celebration of cinema's possibilities, which here get a jaw-dropping workout.	It's an experience that's deeply human and profoundly moving.	The film gives a charming, funny, and many times engrossing account of Pekar which will surely please fans and garner some new ones and I liked it a lot.	It's an inventive, mind-expanding exercise in heart and soul.	Exhilarating both stylistically and for its entertaining, moving portrayal of an everyman, American Splendor is a portrait of a true underground original.
But, no matter what its aesthetic and political virtues, it's hard to imagine anyone wanting to put themselves through the experience of Redacted, particularly those who already `get it.'	The film is so artificial that it feels like a mockumentary (i.e. a deranged black comedy), and marks a low point in the career of De Palma.	As an expression of from-the-gut anti-war rage, Redacted is admirable, but as art, it's undercooked.	The characters are so classically stereotypical that an attack on the war reads as little more than an easy attack on soldiers that adds insult to injury	Brian De Palma's Redacted traffics in, and clearly means to provoke, strong, unbalanced emotions.	Despite DePalma's obvious commitment to the material and passion for the issues at hand, Redacted suffers from stereotypical characters and a forced faux-doc style.
West dials up a wrong number in this flimsy remake of the 1979 B-movie...When A Stranger Calls feels about as flat and plastic as a long distance phone card.	If you answer, you may be bored to death.	An excruciating bore, a hopeless hodgepodge of the hoariest imaginable horror movie cliches...When this 'Stranger' calls, just hang up.	Never babysit in a house by a swamp without a gun.	awfully drawn out at 90 minutes	What's fitting punishment for running up the phone bill? Why have that person baby sit; that'll teach them. Or better yet, make that person through this poorly acted, fright-free remake of the 1979 movie of the same name. Camilla Belle is a looker, but she got nothing on Carol Kane, the actress who originally played the part, when it comes to range. The final straw is that the payoff isn't worth the tedium that comes before. Just hang up on this one.
This movie is as funny as it's title.	Frightening, hilarious -- and indelible.	Kubrick's comic gem sparkles with enduring relevance.	It's as startling today as it was then. Catch it now before it becomes too relevant to be funny again.	Stanley Kubrick's 40-year-old satirical polital-comedy about the end of the world is especially disturbing as one ponders world events at present.	Stanley Kubrick's brilliant Cold War satire remains as funny and razor-sharp today as it was in 1964.
Devolves into a series of silly fight and chase scenes in which bad guys are bloodily maimed and dispatched while most of the good guys come out miraculously unscathed	Lumbers in circles before crashing into a surprisingly sadistic finale.	Some movies are train wrecks. This one is chum.	Sometimes when a movie gets boring, I start to wish that a shark would eat someone, just for some diversion. This marks the first time that wish has ever come true.	It takes Stockwell forever to get these details into place, because he's primarily concerned with Caribbean and bikini-clad eye candy. But even that loses its novelty in a ridiculous showcase like this.	Even the endless shots of bronzed beach babes and buffed dudes can't keep this soggy scuba flick's plot from drowning.
John Boorman's magnificent and magical Excalibur is, to my mind, the greatest and the richest of screen incarnation of the oft-told tale.	Few directors have the visual imagination of John Boorman.	Despite moments of high style and wit, [Excalibur] too often substitutes mayhem for magic.	...romantic and brutal, lyrically beautiful yet grittily realistic.	Give Boorman credit for the loopy grandeur of his imagery and imaginings, for the sweet smell of excess, for his heroic gamble that a movie can dare to trip over its pretensions -- and still fly.	John Boorman's operatic, opulent take on the legend of King Arthur is visually remarkable, and features strong performances from an all-star lineup of British thespians.
...a disappointingly uneven and thoroughly pointless horror effort...	ILM visual effects wizkid turned Director Scott Stewart has (literally and metaphorically) thrown up the world's dullest horror actioner, although its premise and beginning do at least offer some promise.	Alas, after a brisk start, the script turns out to be a rough and humorless beast slouching its way towards utter ludicrousness.	A holey mess.	A dramatically muddled but surprisingly involving Bible-themed fantasy thriller...	Despite a solid cast and intermittent thrills, Legion suffers from a curiously languid pace, confused plot, and an excess of dialogue.
Here's the biggest problem with Bride Wars: As simple as the premise is, we don't buy it for a moment.	As if to assuage the anxieties of the millions of same-sex couples deprived of the right to wed in this nation, here comes Bride Wars to make the entire institution of marriage look almost as awful as last year's dreadful 27 Dresses did.	With artifice as layered as the tiers of a marzipan cake, this resembles nothing so much as a stale Rock Hudson-Doris Day comedy: you know that eventually the combatants will recognize they love each other the most.	It is widely assumed that Eddie Murphy hurt his Oscar chances by following his dramatic turn in 'Dreamgirls' with the graceless 'Norbit.' 'Bride Wars' is just as abysmal, though it spares us the prosthetic fat suits.	You could do worse in Hollywood's dumping ground.	Bride Wars takes the already wearisome concept of battling bridezillas, and makes it thoroughly insufferable via a lazy script and wholly detestable characters.
It would have worked much better as a gritty drama about the most toxic non-violent criminal in Texas history.	This is the most interesting role Carrey has had in a long while.	Smirking and awkwardly insincere, it revolves around the shocking scams of a bizarre sociopath.	There's something terribly romantic about the bond that develops between Ewan McGregor's and Jim Carrey's gay lovers in a con-man story not far removed from a great film like "Catch Me if You Can."	Wacky but mature comedy examines a love with no limits.	This fact-based romantic comedy has its flaws, but they're mostly overcome by its consistently sweet, funny tone and one of the best performances of Jim Carrey's career.
Harrison Ford gives one of his best performances in this underrated film.	It's easy to forget how well Harrison Ford can play an unlikable character.	Meandering film that doesn't really seem to know where it's going or what it is.	A stretch for Ford, but worth it. Unique and fascinating character study.	Examines the consequences of a father's egotism on his family.	Harrison Ford capably tackles a tough, unlikable role, producing a fascinating and strange character study.
If the film had contained more scenes of intensity and less action, gore, twists and shocks, maybe it could have been a classic of the genre.	Though crudely drawn, clumsily acted and 20 minutes too long, Saw is just ingenious enough to hold your interest.	A fun ride if you don't think too much about it after it's over.	Saw carelessly underscores its own shaky narrative at every turn with its mid-budget hokiness.	"Saw" has it all. Gore, violence, an excellent script, and top notch tension all put together with a whopper of a horror outing.	Saw is more than nasty enough for genre junkies, but far too twisted, gory, and shallow for more discerning horror fans.
This collective array of talent has yielded a western that is at once original and traditional. Dances With Wolves looks back to the masterworks of the past and, with its relevance to our present, it deserves to be ranked with them.	Dances With Wolves is a clear-eyed vision. Authentic as an Edward Curtis photograph, lyrical as a George Catlin oil or a Karl Bodmer landscape, this is a film with a pure ring to it.	Not a great film by any standard, this is a western for people who are completely ignorant about the genre.	In his directorial debut, Kevin Costner brings a rare degree of grace and feeling to this elegiac tale.	The high-water mark of Kevin Costner's career.	A grand, sweeping epic with inarguably noble intentions and arresting cinematography, but one whose center, arguably, is not as weighty as it should be.
Timeless, exuberant classic, with Hepburn's naďve sense of fun and perfectly charming performance matched equally by Peck's lauche and charismatic worldy American.	Mixes the romantic comedy formula of an unlikely couple slowly falling in love with some classic slapstick to create a movie that's tough not to be delighted by.	The mix of silly comedy and innocent love turns the viewer into a willing tourist.	Immaculately directed by William Wyler, and written and played with style and grace, this is a film to treasure, both for its endearing action and marvellous performances.	The newcomer named Audrey Hepburn gives the popular old romantic nonsense a reality it has seldom had before.	With Audrey Hepburn luminous in her American debut, Roman Holiday is as funny as it is beautiful, and sets the standard for the modern romantic comedy.
The first in a proposed trilogy, "Atlas Shrugged: Part 1" is nearly as stilted, didactic and simplistic as Rand's free-market fable.	... a respectful (and generally respectable) filming ...	Serves up a perfect society based on abdication by the rest of us to a snobby affluent egghead elite, in a sort of brazen brainocracy. And with a weird Greed Is Fabulous mantra, laced with topsy turvy Marxism extolling bossy CEO suits in mass rebellion.	This dubious distillation of Ayn Rand's objectivist philosophy is a glorified smack around the head with a sociology textbook.	I am not advocating for Rand's political point of view. It is worth a discussion. Only it deserves a better discussion than is given in Atlas Shrugged: Part 1.	Passionate ideologues may find it compelling, but most filmgoers will find this low-budget adaptation of the Ayn Rand bestseller decidedly lacking.
If there's something hypocritically coy about a sex comedy without sex (let alone a porn industry without victims), there's also something refreshing about the characters' unabashed good nature -- at least until the grievously saccharine finale.	An amiable enough micro-caper which offers savoury titters over out-and-out laughs without ever living up to the concept's comedic potential.	Potential laughs are largely lost due to the one-note nature of the characters.	The Amateurs has been shelved for a number of years because -- just a ballpark guess here -- it's not funny.	Never less than watchable, thanks to its superb cast, but it could and should have been so much better. A sadly wasted opportunity.	The Amateurs is a largely unfunny sex comedy that squanders a talented cast.
Sandler proves yet again that the comedic buffoon character is an effective cinematic tool for tickling the funny bone.	This picture is almost entirely unintelligible three- or four-minute set pieces loosely held together by the football theme.	The script by Tim Herlihy and Adam Sandler has all of the depth and originality of a failed pilot for a television sitcom.	Una pelьcula con la que uno puede pasarse 90 minutos entretenido pero nada mрs	Formulaic!	This is an insult to its genre with low humor and cheap gags.
The Coens are loopy stylists, and it's often amusing to watch this comedy of errors unfold. But after a masterpiece like No Country for Old Men, Burn After Reading is classified as disposable.	even in the clichéd arena of affairs of the heart, the Coens are capable of something subversive, and quite special.	Halfway between a good Coen brothers movie and a terrible Coen brothers movie.	Showcases a pitch-black comic sensibility that will either attract or repel moviegoers.	A movie so full of senseless characters and actions that you 'forget after seeing'	With Burn After Reading, the Coen Brothers have crafted another clever comedy/thriller with an outlandish plot and memorable characters.
Not so much a real Western as an Old West-themed fashion show.	It has as little regard for truth as a truck driver does for gnats in his way on the interstate.	A poor script and lame direction leave most of this Western deader than a dogie at a poisoned watering hole.	Picture 1860s Missouri as Ft. Lauderdale during Spring Break and you've got the idea.	The dreamiest Jesse James ever, looking less like a bandit and more like the grand prize in my sister's old 'Mystery Date' board game.	With corny dialogue, revisionist history, anachronistic music, and a generically attractive cast, American Outlaws is a sanitized, teenybopper version of Jesse James.
Sure, it's obstinately slow, but what an eye this man has. Every frame is fascinating.	This is an art film - and an Antonioni film at that - so what sounds like a thriller pregnant with romance and political intrigue is rather what we Americans call "ambiguous."	As usual, Antonioni's pace is langorous, but The Passenger is never less than compelling.	One of the deepest, most rigorous, and most rewarding films of its era.	Next to this film, Blowup seems a facile, though necessary, preliminary. By all means go [see it].	Antonioni's classic, a tale of lonely, estranged characters on a journey though the mysterious landscapes of identity, shimmers with beauty and uncertainty.
As directed by Morgan Neville, who obviously adores these women, it's their hopes and disappointments, triumphs and heartbreaks and fabulous, passionate personalities that takes this film to another level, and will take you with it.	A heartfelt and rousing documentary tribute to the talent and artistry of female backup singers.	An engaging look at the nexus of art and commerce, talent and hard work. It's a story of standing out and blending in, sometimes at the same time.	It's important to finally put names and faces to the voices of these women because, without them, countless songs would sound horrible.	All of these special ladies -- most of them ironically unsung and often exploited -- obviously know their way around a microphone	Rich, insightful, and occasionally heartbreaking, 20 Feet From Stardom is an energetic tribute to the passion, talent, and hard work of backup singers.
Carl Sandburg once wrote that the fog comes on little cat feet. Director Rupert Wainwright's 'The Fog,' however, clomps around like an elephant in cement boots.	It's typical of pic's adherence to rigid genre conventions that the very first victims are brazen hotties who are shown drinking, dancing and wearing revealing attire prior to their deaths.	We're meant to be unsettled by digital spectres, reckless Mack trucks, and rotting old pirates who look every bit as terrifying as the guy on the Fisherman's Friend cold-lozenge box.	It attempts to apply too much logic to the events going on that it distracts the viewer from pleasure and replaces it with boredom.	Yes, there's "something in 'The Fog,'" all right. Another weekend of low box office proceeds and more dismal reviews for yet another unnecessary, poorly made remake.	The Fog is a so-so remake of a so-so movie, lacking scares, suspense or originality.
Though critics often denigrate today's overuse of special effects, more of those are needed as the human interactions are a crashing bore.	More suspense than the other films in the series ... and an improvement upon the book from which it was adapted.	Kids grow up fast these days - possibly a bit too fast.	The second best Harry Potter movie.	Up until now I thought that no-one could top Cuaron's Azkaban, but I think Yates might just have done it.	It's not easy to take the longest Harry Potter book and streamline it into the shortest HP movie, but director David Yates does a bang up job of it, creating an Order of the Phoenix that's entertaining and action-packed.
No longer just gruesome but also morally bloodied, this franchise about games of death aimed at those who need to understand the value of life - grinds along, wringing out whatever cash is left in the original idea.	Saw VI doesn't come close to reigniting the spark of the original, but at least it approaches coherence, which is more than can be said for the last several installments of the series.	It's funny, but the thing that the series seems to have lost track of amidst all the soap opera and moralizing is the idea that these are horror films.	Sixth film in revenge series is just as bloody as the rest.	The tawdry use of important real-life social issues in the service of what amounts to nothing more than another exercise in malignant sadism makes this picture even worse than earlier episodes.	It won't earn the franchise many new fans, but Saw VI is a surprising step up for what has become an intricately grisly annual tradition.
Blaustein suggests wrestling's appeal -- as a kind of primal spectacle closer to parades and pageants than any accepted form of sport -- without wondering at all why he finds it compelling.	A fascinating and often funny look at a world many of us have never imagined, let alone seen.	A surprisingly engrossing, behind-the-scenes look at some of wrestling's current and former stars.	This is the best documentary since Hoop Dreams	WWF documentary is OK for older teens.	Even if you aren't a fan, Beyond the Mat provides a riveting, perceptive look into the world of professional wrestling by taking a closer look at the people beneath the personas.
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a magical dream of a martial arts epic. It surpasses any you've ever seen.	A waking dream of truly operatic dimensions.	Lee has made more than an exotic yarn. He has liberated conventional moviemaking.	The first fight scene, which brings all the principals together, will make you want to applaud. And each action sequence builds on what has come before, increasing the stakes with a dignified hilarity.	You need a roadmap to find the hidden masterpiece.	The movie that catapulted Ang Lee into the ranks of upper echelon Hollywood filmmakers, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon features a deft mix of amazing martial arts battles, beautiful scenery, and tasteful drama.
A beautiful and delicate reminder of the myriad ways in which life is lived on this huge planet of ours.	The truths shown here about the shared human experience are as big as the story being told is small.	[The directors], without anthropomorphizing their critters, evoke primal mother-and-child emotions that will make anyone shed a tear or two.	An unusual, captivating and crowd-pleasing semi-documentary.	Uneasily positioned between fictional drama and cultural documentary.	Delightful and strangely moving.
The fact that you instantly like these spoiled little rich kids is a testament to Amy Heckerling's skills as a screenwriter.	Alicia Silverstone displays a heretofore undiscovered comic flair, and adds substance to her well-meaning but light-headed protaganist.	Parents are traditionally invisible and/or lame in teen flicks, but Dan Hedaya, as Silverstone's sharklike litigator dad, does a drop-dead Robert Shapiro, biting off some of the best lines in the movie.	Smug and self-loathing.	Clueless has a witty script with one great line after another and has an exquisitely charming performance by Silverstone. What more can you ask for in a comedy?	A funny and clever reshaping of Emma, Clueless offers a soft satire that pokes as much fun at teen films as it does at the Beverly Hills glitterati.
A wickedly funny final bow for Muppeteer Jim Henson.	As in his best films, here Mr. Roeg is a master of capturing the slightly off kilter sense of an apparently normal world. His camera is unobtrusive, and then suddenly it tilts a bit to jolt.	There are moments of genuine charm and solid invention, but it`s a film that doesn't believe enough in itself.	A minor but very enjoyable Nicolas Roeg fairy tale.	The best thing about Nicolas Roeg's film of Dahl's book The Witches is its dark vision.	With a deliciously wicked performance from Angelica Huston and imaginative puppetry by Jim Henson's creature shop, Nicolas Roeg's dark and witty movie captures the spirit of Roald Dahl's writing like few other adaptations.
It is unlikely to change any hearts or minds in our perpetually and permanently polarized times, but the film has the courage of its convictions, which likely limits appeal to a like-minded audience.	A smart, candid, foul-mouthed and thoroughly charming subversion of sugary romantic fantasies and stereotypical representations of women on screen.	There are many reasons to love this film, not least because it's gutsy and genuinely funny, but perhaps Obvious Child's most admirable quality is that its feminism is very real.	Quirky, funny and GUTSY.	The beauty of Obvious Child is that there's nothing obvious about it.	Tackling a sensitive subject with maturity, honesty, and wit, Obvious Child serves as a deeply promising debut for writer-director Gillian Robespierre.
A romantic comedy so lunkheaded and ill-conceived that it makes your average, idiotic Kate Hudson-Matthew McConaughey outing look like the reincarnation of Hepburn and Grant.	If Bullock in her comfort zone is a thing of real, if modest pleasure, watching as she contorts herself into a role that's all wrong for her is singularly excruciating.	All About Steve is survivable. You'll never see such passion for a crossword anywhere else.	Sandra Bullock plays a stalker in unappealing romcom.	The film is such a misjudged farrago that it makes Miss Congeniality seem like a masterpiece.	All About Steve is an oddly creepy, sour film, featuring a heroine so desperate and peculiar that audiences may be more likely to pity than root for her.
Its biggest failing - and the ultimate one for a lightweight entertainment such as this - is that it's a deadly bore from start to finish. Even more annoying is its blind-alley structure resulting in an unsatisfying mind game for the audience.	Screenwriter Bill Kelly has some wild ideas for this mental time bomb, but he has problems organizing the thrills and the chills in the correct order for maximum unease.	Premonition maintains a chilly grip on the viewer, almost in spite of the spotty storytelling.	Premonition barely remembers to create suspense.	Fans of horror, thrillers, and the films of Sandra Bullock will find Premonition puzzling since it fails to honor any of them.	Overdosing on flashbacks, and more portentous than profound, the overly obtuse Premonition weakly echoes such twisty classics as Memento, The Sixth Sense, and Groundhog Day.
Dominic Sena directs all this stuff and nonsense with a paucity of fun unbecoming a loopy tale of medieval witches starring Nicolas Cage and Ron Perlman.	The stench of plague is all around, unless that's an aroma emanating from the script.	Another movie is turned into a turkey.	Begins with a bang (a hanged witch rises from a watery grave to dispatch her tormenter) but ends with a thud (a bungled exorcism releases a silly-looking computer-animated demon).	Directed by the perennially hollow Dominic Sena from a script by Bragi Schut, "Season of the Witch" is all seams. It never balances out its competing desires...	Slow, cheap-looking, and dull, Season of the Witch fails even as unintentional comedy.
The story's emotional stakes are such a grab bag that it's difficult to feel much urgency about the outcome.	Proof, the movie, is alive and sulking.	The argument Proof makes in its cool, sophisticated way is that sometimes it is difficult to clarify the line between insane individual and insane genius.	PROOF will put a lot of viewers right back where they left off in 12th-grade calculus: asleep.	Sure, the play won the Pulitzer Prize, but that doesn't mean it makes a great film, in my opinion. Maybe it just works better on the stage.	Gwyneth Paltrow and Anthony Hopkins give exceptional performances in a film that intelligently tackles the territory between madness and genius.
This is grim and witless storytelling, and what makes it so depressing is that it hasn't improved by so much as a chemical trace since the days of the first Rocky.	Even the hint of political power that Rocky garners by the end of this latest battle is made to seem like more of the same empty glory.	[Stallone] creates credible villains worthy of his heroic character.	A camp classic, funny for all the wrong reasons.	The crazed flag-waving would be a lot easier to take if it weren't so clearly a commercial calculation meant to salvage what is otherwise a crass, careless, shamelessly padded film.	Rocky IV inflates the action to absurd heights, but it ultimately rings hollow thanks to a story that hits the same basic beats as the first three entries in the franchise.
Hanks conducts a master class in acting by showing a man losing his sense of himself in fractional gradations.	Unusual and remarkable.	While his philosophical ventures seem stuck in the shallow end of the pool, Zemeckis takes an important step forward as a filmmaker.	Has all the hallmarks of a great motion picture: well-developed characters, solid drama, non-traditional adventure, and an intelligent script.	If I didn't know any better I'd say that this film was written in order for Tom Hanks to win yet another Academy Award. Yikes! He may pull it off.	Flawed but fascinating, Cast Away offers an intelligent script, some of Robert Zemeckis' most mature directing, and a showcase performance from Tom Hanks.
A feel-good film with a schmaltzy love offering of tulips and bread.	See Venice and sigh.	Charms the viewer as it communicates a noble message about the need to remove oneself from the meaninglessness of daily life in order to appreciate its full worth.	If you can't get away for that romantic summertime Italian vacation, don't worry, just take this sweet comedic trip.	A feel-good helping of cinematic tiramisu--it's sweet and spongy, but rather clammy and artificial.	Bread and Tulips is a sweet-natured comedy offering gentle, escapist entertainment.
There is intrigue. There is suspense. Guilt -- a man's guilt, a nation's -- hangs heavy in the air.	A thoroughly entertaining movie that probes our most painful history and provides a scalpel of a plot.	Hoss is perfect in a challenging role, a woman trying to recover bits of the person she once was, but having to do so in service to a greedy scheme that robs her of the very identity she is trying to recover.	Phoenix mines a Hitchcockian vein, but it is Hoss' sensitive performance and Petzold's intelligently paced direction that makes this film shine.	Petzold builds the film to a stunningly executed finale that serves as a potent metaphor for the way the performance required by denial can't hope to suppress the truth from revealing itself.	Tense, complex, and drenched in atmosphere, Phoenix is a well-acted, smartly crafted war drama that finds writer-director Christian Petzold working at peak power.
Breathless makes alienation look like it was a lot more fun in 1960 than in the ponderous gravitas or ante-upping brutality of indie film today.	A stunning classic.	Even in an early work that blushes with the narcissistic pleasure of obsessive cinephilia, Godard knew enough to look on the dark side.	The camera lavishes black-and-white love on Paris, strolling up the Champs-Elysées, edging across café terraces, sweeping over the rooftop skyline, Mozart mixing with cool jazz riffs in the night air.	Beautiful.	Breathless rewrote the rules of cinema -- and more than 50 years after its arrival, Jean-Luc Godard's paradigm-shifting classic remains every bit as vital.
[Director] Walker has found a delicate, thoughtful, respectful, witty way to convey both the dignity of the individual men and women singing, as well as the ineffable power of determining to live fully until there's no breath left.	Young @ Heart would have been a wonderful newspaper feature. Unfortunately, it's a nonfiction film -- and merely a middling one.	Moments of high comedy and deep tragedy make this more than the average rehearsal and concert film.	It's an emotional tapestry, sure to both delight audiences and move them to tears.	Nothing prepared me for the unexpected resonance of this life-affirming, death-defying group portrait. Their advanced years have the effect of rejuvenating the lyrics and meaning of every number.	Full of endearing characters, this doc about a choir of "seniors behaving badly" is uplifting and delightful.
From Up on Poppy Hill's protagonists emerge as unexpectedly facetless, especially from a studio with such a vibrant and morally complex back catalogue.	A lovely Japanese hand-drawn animated film with a female heroine.	The gorgeous score and subtle visual craft save this entry in the Ghibli canon from mediocrity. But given what the studio is capable of, it's not everything fans will be hoping for.	Although simpler and less mysterious than the great Hayao Miyazaki movies, the gently melancholic From Up on Poppy Hill is still a must see at a time when family entertainment is too often synonymous with blandness.	"Poppy Hill" proves to be more than just a visual feast. Its seemingly slight storyline has a warm emotional resonance, tapping into both the uncertainty of a Japan caught between past and future.	Gentle and nostalgic, From Up on Poppy Hill is one of Studio Ghibli's sweeter efforts -- and if it doesn't push the boundaries of the genre, it remains as engagingly lovely as Ghibli fans have come to expect.
Not only is Case 39 deplorable and morally off-center, the film is dull to boot.	What starts out as slight and fairly obvious turns into a frequently colorful horror tale.	If you liked last year's Orphan, then Case 39 has your name written all over it - it's not quite as slick or as scary as Orphan but it's enjoyably over-the-top and delivers the requisite trashy thrills.	Quite scary at times, intriguing ideas and a good cast, including Ian McShane and Adrian Lester, are used badly.	By the time the killings start, it's clear that Ray Wright's screenplay is more interested in following formula than in breaking new ground.	Director Christian Alvert has a certain stylish flair, but it's wasted on Case 39's frightless, unoriginal plot.
Una película entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la pérdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginación como válvula de escape. No es el típico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho más interesante que eso.	There's enough emotional truth in Bridge to Terabithia to make it a worthy addition to big-screen children's literature, if not to propel it into the realms of a childhood classic.	Haphazardly adapted from Katherine Paterson's popular 1977 coming-of-age children's book, "Bridge to Terabithia" is a problematic movie held together by its charming child actors.	Beloved kids' novel makes it to the big-screen unscathed, with very real childhood relationships, surreal special effects and a big weepie ending.	A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.	Bridge to Terabithia is a faithful adaptation of a beloved children's novel and a powerful portrayal of love, loss, and imagination through children's eyes.
Boyhood is a noteworthy accomplishment - and an unparalleled movie experience.	I have long maintained that Richard Linklater is the most gifted and audacious director of his generation. His new movie, Boyhood, which runs 2 hours and 44 minutes, is a stunning reconfirmation.	It's a film you can't stop watching. Until it ends. And even then you wish Boyhood was only the beginning of an extraordinary work in progress.	At its heart, though, Boyhood is less about boyhood than parenthood. Much of the viewer's empathy lies with Patricia Arquette, who plays a mother struggling to raise two kids mostly on her own, with the occasional incursions of men.	[Linklater] has fashioned a drama that feels far more authentic than any other coming of age movie.	Epic in technical scale but breathlessly intimate in narrative scope, Boyhood is a sprawling investigation of the human condition.
The Messenger makes it [the death of a soldier] personal. And it is uncomfortable. Well-done movies about the tragedy of war and its impact on ordinary lives are that way.	A tremendously moving drama, filled with heartbreak, humor and, most importantly, humanity.	This is a wholly different look at the fallout of the Iraq War and its effect on soldiers and civilians. It is also a gentle portrait of grief, friendship and solace.	Harrelson gives us layers of hurt under a callous yet needy crust. It may be the best performance of his career and certainly deserves Oscar consideration.	I'm not sure how Morton made sense of her character's ebbs and flows, but I never doubted her. She's a mariner in uncharted seas of emotion.	A dark but timely subject is handled deftly by writer/directer Owen Moverman and superbly acted by Woody Harrleson and Ben Foster.
The atmospheric opening is the best part -- moody and full of sinister potential. After that, it's stilted drawing-room talk, variably acted, except for the cultish over-the-top dementia of Dwight Frye.	A perfect example of the worst traits of Hollywood films in the early sound era.	A classic despite numerous flaws.	Bathed in an atmosphere of nightmare, dread and otherworldliness that is unlike anything else in American horror cinema.	Campy by today's standards, but still the melancholic master of fright flicks.	Bela Lugosi's timeless portrayal of Dracula in this creepy and atmospheric 1931 film has set the standard for major vampiric roles since.
Some of these hardy souls have lived this way for years, decades even, and they've lived not just to tell the tale but to suggest that they've created a viable alternative existence. At times, Dark Days almost makes you envious. But only almost.	a gripping collection of vignettes that show a side of life most of us will hopefully never have to witness first-hand.	Shot in stylized black-and-white, this docu about the homeless was the winner of multiple awards at the Sundance Film Fest.	It's a near-great film, reminiscent of the early Frederick Wiseman movies like Welfare and Hospital that left you both aghast and exhilarated at what human beings are capable of.	haunting documentary about the homeless beneath New York's streets	Marc Singer's documentary about a group of homeless people living beneath the streets of New York City is haunting and uplifting in equal measure.
A masterpiece.	Its pleasures are almost obscenely abundant.	Engaging, at times vicious drama w/Lancaster as acidic gossip monger, Curtis fine as wimpy sidekick.	Its script posses some of the sharpest dialogue ever written, and even if it's not exactly naturalistic, it's stylized in the best sense.	Sweet Smell, which could have been offal, is raised to considerable dramatic heights by intense acting, taut direction (by Alexander Mackendrick), [and] superb camera work (by James Wong Howe).	Sweet Smell of Success boasts a top-notch cast, sharp direction, atmospheric cinematography, and an appropriately jazzy score, making it one of the best noir crime thrillers ever made.
Gibson's obsession with the pain and suffering of Jesus, sublime and terrible, does not transubstantiate into spirituality; rather, the brutality of his film at first repels, then numbs, and finally titillates.	Mel Gibson, the Lord love him--and I believe He does, has succeeded in producing the first major motion picture ever that is both spiritually and historically challenging.	Using ancient languages, vivid images and visceral violence, Gibson has brought new life to one of civilization's oldest narratives.	All [Gibson has] done...is to trade in the Hollywood conventions of yesteryear for the crasser, more bloodthirsty conventions of today.	Retains a real sense of power. Its message never wavers, always visible beneath the gore.	The graphic details of Jesus' torture make the movie tough to sit through and obscure whatever message it is trying to convey.
Mr. Ozon's first English-language film, is simultaneously a thoroughly mannered, mischievously artificial confection and an acute piece of psychological realism.	Charlotte Rampling is engaging in this intriguing little whodunit that seems more intent on exposing internal paranoia than it does on real world murder.	Ozon even steals from himself...Eventually, [his] compulsion to imitate becomes an end in itself, taking his movie in directions it hasn't been built to travel.	The film is enthralling while it lasts, even if it doesn't completely hold together on further reflection.	Swimming Pool is as lulling as a dead man's float, but you come up for air realizing there's no deep end.	A sensual thriller with two engaging performers demanding our undivided attention.
There's not enough story in it to fill a shoebox.	contradicts and betrays its previously positive messages about feminine independence by making Mia settle for a man she loves only for his looks	Like the first film, this offers contrived preteen wish fulfillment with greeting-card sentiment and simplicity.	This Princess falters before getting to the altar. Once that near-magical event happens (especially, if you're a little girl), the kingdom is enchanted once again.	If you only have one month to live - go see this movie (because every minute will seem like an eternity).	Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews bring charm and elegance to the movie, but there's not enough material for them to work with in this sequel.
The film is professionally mounted, smoothly constructed and carried with ease by Czerny's assured performance.	It's inspiring to see how Walsch conquered the odds, but at times Conversations With God feels like a subliminal advertisement for the book.	Writer Eric DelaBarre and director Stephen Simon deliver Walsch's apotheosis without any trace of irony. But their treatment of his misfortunes has some of the ring of truth, even though the movie lingers far too long over its own epiphanies.	What is unclear (to me, at least) is the process by which Walsch answered 'yes' to God's question and suddenly became a writer, doing what appears to be automatic writing of his first book.	An amateurishly assembled movie-of-the- week-calibre feature with little dramatic energy for the depiction of a life-changing epiphany.	At some point in the conversation, God must have asked for a subtler, deeper film.
At the end of the day Ant-Man ranks as one of the franchise's better efforts	Glides us over trouble spots in tone and pacing. The little bastard from Marvel's second-tier gets the job done.	Marvel's "Ocean's Eleven" meets "Iron Man" mélange does have its fleeting pleasures, but is ultimately a minor, milder MCU effort.	The finale is something else - a symphony of comedy and action mayhem that outclasses every single second that comes before it. Nothing else in the movie even comes close.	The film is transcendental-meditation low-key and just too damned nice.	Led by a charming performance from Paul Rudd, Ant-Man offers Marvel thrills on an appropriately smaller scale -- albeit not as smoothly as its most successful predecessors.
Margin Call is Wall Street for now. That a sexy Gordon Gekko-type villain is no longer anywhere to be found shows just how much worse things really are today.	If you really look at "Margin Call" you can see Chandor making important criticism in small and subtle ways...	A methodical, coolly absorbing boardroom thriller.	It's a fascinating film that reveals much about its characters and provides food for thought for all of us who live in a capitalist society. Greed may be good for the avaricious but it's sure as hell ugly when it comes at any cost	As an attempt to humanize the disaster, it's successful, bolstered by an outstanding cast able to communicate the gut-rot squeeze of fraud and the sickening launch of its permanent impact.	Smart, tightly wound, and solidly acted, Margin Call turns the convoluted financial meltdown of '08 into gripping, thought-provoking drama.
Is it worth a look? Sure. Is it begging to be parodied? Without a doubt...somebody alert the Wayans.	About 3 miles to long and if you've seen Purple Rain, American Anthem, Rocky, Saturday Night Fever and to an extent Coyote Ugly and Glitter, you've seen 8 Mile.	[Nothing] more than an Elvis film, except there's a lot more sex and violence than Blue Hawaii and the music video sequences feature creative profanity instead of surfboards.	What screamed a ridiculous idea or vanity project when you first read or head about it is the exact opposite - a well thought out and realised film which never thinks too much of itself.	Regardless of the hype, 8 Mile is a classic underdog tale with real bark.	Even though the story is overly familiar, there's enough here for an engaging ride.
Powerful bio of Tina Turner with domestic violence, drugs.	What's Love Got to Do With It is a rough-and-tumble show-biz biography that has many of the cliches inherent to this genre. But it also boasts two stunning, Oscar-worthy performances.	A splashy, volatile, crowd- pleasing rock-star melodrama that makes up in sheer emotional wallop what it sometimes lacks in finesse.	Their nuanced performances give a spectrum of emotional shadings to a black-and-white script that casts Tina as the Beauty to Ike's unreconstructed Beast.	Could have been a made for tv movie but elevated by the work of Bassett and Fishburne.	With a fascinating real-life story and powerhouse performances from Angela Bassett and Laurence Fishburne, What's Love Got to Do With It? is a can't miss biopic.
It's as American as apple pie.	The games, while plenty rowdy and profane, aren't very realistic.	Utilizing state-of-the-art methods in the science of statistics, I have determined there will be virtually no audience for The Replacements.	The epitome of predictable.	A deep sea of clichés and stereotypes.	The cliched characters and obvious outcome make all the fun and excitement amount to nothing.
Compared to most of today's gross-out extravaganzas... this exceedingly upbeat saga seems almost wholesome.	Works mainly for the hilarious script, and very unique characters that are able to connect with audiences.	Racy college comedy has heart; OK for older teens.	One of the landmark tits and ass films of the eighties, and surprisingly a comedy with a lot of humor and even some heart.	Revenge of the Nerds doesn't do much for movies or nerds.	Undeniably lowbrow but surprisingly sly, Revenge of the Nerds has enough big laughs to qualify as a minor classic in the slobs-vs.-snobs subgenre.
Operatic in scope, Luca Guadagnino's mesmerizing I Am Love chronicles the carryings-on of an aristocratic Italian family from one grand meal to another.	Despite a superb cast and a fabulous look, the picture collapses under the weight of its lofty pretensions, especially in the black hole of the last act, where it topples into near-absurdity.	It is not to everyone's taste. But if you like the lush film operas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Douglas Sirk, or Luchino Visconti, this one's for you.	Swinton carries Guadagnino's risky, ambitious melodrama.	... there are times that Guadagnino's symbolic imagery takes on the risible baroqueness of an extremely well-made Duran Duran video. Yet through it all, Swinton is impeccable, and maybe ostentatiously brave.	It stumbles into melodrama, but I Am Love backs up its flamboyance with tremendous visual style and a marvelous central performance from Tilda Swinton.
Carrey was born to play this role!	Adroitly directed, viscerally and visually dynamic and just plain fun.	Though the story has a certain universal appeal -- who hasn't felt like a useless jerk and wished to wake up capable of anything? -- the execution is oddly sour and distasteful.	Carrey and his aggressive overbite are back, but this time he's better used as an ingredient instead of as the plot.	A highly imaginative film.	It misses perhaps as often as it hits, but Jim Carrey's manic bombast, Cameron Diaz' blowsy appeal, and the film's overall cartoony bombast keep The Mask afloat.
Superbly directed, hugely entertaining documentary that's a treat for both newcomers and aficionados of Thompson's work.	Much like the man himself, it's quite a piece of work.	The film's plea that we need Thompson now more than ever is a little misty-eyed: Thompson's day was long gone by the time he put a gun to his head.	Gonzo is a must-see for everyone.	Director Alex Gibney has plundered 200 hours of audiotapes, hundreds of photos and personal testimony from an impressive roster of Thompson's colleagues and family to put together an even-handed portrait.	While not the comprehensive profile of the man that his die-hard fans might have hoped for, Gonzo remains an insightful introduction to the life of rebellious writer Hunter S. Thompson and his influences.
Worthy performances. Yes. But it's just not enough. My analysis Drs. Freud and Jung: your patients and students just won't care.	Cronenberg and his actors do their best to show that there is no such thing as normalcy since Jung, Freud and Spielrein, cannot cure themselves any more than they can guarantee to help their patients.	Knightley's portrayal is feral and unsettling.	Low-key and curiously cerebral, perhaps too underwhelming to attract much of an audience	[An] engrossing and thought-provoking drama...	A provocative historical fiction about the early days of psychoanalysis, A Dangerous Method is buoyed by terrific performances by Michael Fassbender, Keira Knightley, and Viggo Mortensen.
It's like an animatronic reproduction of a Jewish mom relationship erected at the world's most racist amusement park.	Colin Firth ... he steams a bit for a change in a tale that's strictly so-soap.	A low-key comedy in which characters always seem just one misstep away from full-out tragedy.	Hunt writes, directs and stars in a rough-edged indie alternative to Baby Mama.	Hunt draws some good performances from the cast and wisely chose a low-key personal story for her directorial debut.	A threadbare story anchored by strong performances, Then She Found Me is a mostly successful directorial debut by Helen Hunt.
A charming delight that's going to leave you wanting to form your own punk band on leaving the theater.	The three girls are full of life. They have a lot of fun just being kids. They are excited about their potential and their possibilities. This movie is a tribute to the spirit and optimism of youth.	Despite the unruly music at its center, the filmmaker has crafted a uniformly gentle ode to growing up.	The movie is refreshingly sensitive to gender, but also transcends it. What unites the three clashing heroines is their resistance to conventional cliques and schoolhouse conformity. In more ways than one, they're a band of outsiders.	The great charm of Lukas Moodysson's We Are the Best! lies in its total lack of pretension and adult editorializing.	Sweet, empathetic, and shot through with a palpable joy, We Are the Best! offers a tender tribute to the bittersweet tumult of adolescence.
... sublime psychological thriller ...	The Aura works as a thriller, but it's also a character study of a man with nothing to lose. Even at more than two hours, it never relaxes its grip.	gives off scents of melancholy and dread that are rarely seen in heist films	A startling psychological drama with plenty of unexpected twists, a worthy follow-up [to] Fabian Bielinsky['s] riveting debut Nine Queens.	(...) Difícil recordar un thriller con tan poco diálogo, en el que los silencios y las contemplaciones sean mucho más importantes que los enunciados de los personajes.	The Aura is a highly original and cerebral thriller that maintains its suspense from start to finish.
It's a contemplative piece of work that will leave you questioning the nature of what is audible -- particularly those parts that 'hearing' people tend to tune out or ignore.	Beautifully shot and filled with gorgeous music, but one of the most inspiring things about it is the way it erases the idea of Glennie's deafness as a handicap.	A feast for the senses.	This impressionistic documentary is a mystical exploration of the sensory world as experienced by a musician who lost most of her hearing as a teenager.	Doesn't touch Glennie's greatness.	Not only does this documentary introduce viewers to Glennie, it gives them a taste of how she perceives the world.
Witty, nasty and laugh-out-loud hilarious	Vidal vs. Buckley-or, as I prefer to think of it, Alien vs. Predator-has not improved with age. Which combatant you cleave to is beside the point, since both of them teeter on the brink of the insufferable.	The idea may not seem so radical, in this day and age of reality TV excess and internet outrage: giving a national broadcast forum to two highly opinionated intellectuals to argue about politics.	The high point of the debate was...never mind. See "Best of Enemies," and find out for yourself.	Best of Enemies is, in the truest sense, a delicious entertainment of real-life deep-seeded resentments perfect for any size screen.	Smart, fascinating, and funny, Best of Enemies takes a penetrating -- and wildly entertaining -- look back at the dawn of pundit politics.
While you can appreciate what the choir and the film are trying to say, too often they get bogged down in trying to spread that message. They also take themselves a little too seriously at times.	The passion that is evident in the Stop Shopping Gospel Choir is contagious and admirable. Many Christian churches could learn a few things from this secular outfit.	Seeing WWJB? in a theater is not necessary, although seeing him and the choir hijacking a mall in person would be better than Beowulf in IMAX.	Having illuminated the many dimensions in that vast universe between the flat affect of creative depression and the modish affectation of emo posing, Corbijn manages Control with elegant, understated veneration.	This production is slick, well-paced, and tremendously entertaining.	WWJB is an eye opening doc about consumerism that manages to be both funny and informative.
Zobel's masterful direction and screenplay heighten the distress of authority figures possessing unseen persuasion over naive employees, exposing a disturbing and haunting look at what some workers are willing to do in order to follow orders.	As disturbing as it is, it's even moreso when you realize it's based on true events.	We think we're more world-wise than these people and that this could never happen and then Zobel brilliantly forces us to come to terms with those judgments.	The film ultimately feels exploitative, especially in its schematic selectiveness about what to show or not.	Dowd's performance -- showing Sandra's eagerness to please the "cop" and her hesitancy to follow orders -- burns in the mind long after the movie's over.	Anchored by smart, sensitive direction and strong performances, Complicance is a ripped-from-the-headlines thriller that's equal parts gripping and disturbing.
A different kind of Harry Potter movie, a better kind.	Those who feared the franchise might grow as stale as Batman or Alien need not worry, as Cuarón proves there is still a little magic left up Potter's sleeve.	suitably imaginative visuals and a knack for hitting the high points of the plot without missing a beat. . . a fabulously wild ride	A menagerie of menacing and morphing computer-generated special effects make the movie worthwhile.	Let's peek inside Harry Potter's inbox, to see what day-to-day life is like for the protagonist of the edgy new Prisoner of Azkaban.	Under the assured direction of Alfonso Cuaron, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban triumphantly strikes a delicate balance between technical wizardry and complex storytelling.
Among the least cynical and most humanistic features of recent times.	Its storytelling style is as close to the novel form as you'll find on film, both a strengh and a weakness.	An astonishing, deeply engrossing Italian family saga that happens to be six hours long.	Revealing too much of the narrative would spoil the pleasure of learning where Matteo and Nicola find themselves. "Youth" sells us on the idea that life is a gift and that beauty and rejuvenation can come from even seemingly unbearable lows.	With the six-hour running time, Giordana gets the space to let the characters live and let their shared story unfold like a good novel.	Earns its 6 hours running time by telling an engrossing story with compelling characters.
It might be aimed at teens, but Sky High is fun for parents, too.	Because Sky High opens with a fantastically entertaining half hour, it's hard not to be disappointed when the film morphs into a routine high school drama...	Sky High may set a record for ripping off more movies in just over an hour and a half than any other film in history.	Merely child's play.	Sky High is funny, smart, energetic, subversive, and has a few substantive things to say.	This highly derivative superhero coming-of-age flick is moderately entertaining, family-friendly fluff.
Bah humbug! The Santa Clause 3 is a lump of coal in your stocking. It's at the top of the "naughty" list. It's about as appealing as a stale fruitcake.	As a full-service holiday movie, The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause gets you into the mood to shop early and often by making the North Pole look like a shopping mall with a never-ending school pageant.	A thing of consummate craftsmanship, a smoothly engineered and fundamentally lifeless object that's nevertheless capable of giving even the grinchiest moviegoers a brief attack of the warm-and-fuzzies.	Oh how the executives shook with their chortles as millions poured in through each cinema's portals.	You play Santa Claus once with enthusiasm, twice with affection, three times for a paycheck.	Playing Jack Frost as an evil cross between Liza Minnelli and Liberace, Martin Short is a welcome presence, but this tired series continues drawing from its bag of bland gags and dumb slapstick.
Amounts to a rare gift and an opportunity to appreciate the end of an era.	Simple but deeply touching.	One of those rare movies that works as a humbling experience.	So superb, so graceful, so strong -- another beauty in this year of good documentaries -- that I do believe it will influence career choices, sending inspired viewers to study pedagogy, or cinematography.	Inspiring and beautiful.	A small, sensitive, and moving portrait of a teacher and his students.
The narrative is plodding, time has not been kind to set-pieces that were once so thrilling and now seem oddly perfunctory, and 007's misogyny and casual slapping of several women is more than faintly repellent.	One of the shiniest examples of Bonds from golden Connery era.	The second Bond is one of the best in the series, due to the intriguing plot, sinister villains, and fabulously staged fight aboard the Orient Express.	Everything that worked in DR. NO is fully realized here. Sean Connery is 10 times more confident here as 007, oozing charm and masculinity.	This film began the fine tradition of deviating from Ian Fleming's novels, which gave us the suave, sophisticated Bond over Fleming's monosyllabic misogynist.	The second James Bond film, From Russia with Love is a razor-sharp, briskly-paced Cold War thriller that features several electrifying action scenes.
a fascinating and often compelling film, and a clear sign that Gordon-Levitt is a filmmaker of note whose future is bright if he continues to not play it safe	Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes an assured debut as a writer-director with Don Jon, a cultural critique of the expectations placed on relationships in an environment saturated with media misrepresentations of both women and men.	Joseph Gordon-Levitt turns the gym-tan-laundry routine into an art form with Don Jon, his vibrant and viciously profane directorial debut.	The entire movie seems to recalibrate and rebalance itself around [Moore], shifting convincingly into something more than a surface-heavy evocation of sterile on-screen onanism.	One of the best of the year.	Don Jon proves to be an amiable directing debut for Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and a vivacious showcase for his co-star, Scarlett Johansson.
A haunting, riveting film that's as self-serving as it is revelatory. It's movie-making as therapy, and I hope it worked.	As performance art born of personal pain, "Tarnation" stares teary-eyed into how genetics, culture, environment and susceptibility conspire to trigger mental illness - a documentary more to be experienced than simply viewed.	The movie climbs inside your head and rattles your consciousness.	An unflinching self-portrait that traces difficult lives and doesn't back down from the emotional rawness of the subject.	You shouldn't go see "Tarnation" because it was made so cheaply. You should see it because it was made so well.	Using music and home video footage to great effect, Jonathan Caouette has made a very personal and moving film.
To the extent it makes sense, it's a collection of time-honored cliches, and to the extent that it's original, "The Mechanic" is insane, bordering on gloriously insane.	With "The Mechanic," Statham has found a vehicle nicely suited to his narrow but nevertheless real talents.	Statham is a model of control; he's steely and graceful in his action scenes, and his interplay with the wiry Foster delivers the goods.	The Arthur/Steve relationship at the movie's heart is what lifts The Mechanic above the common run of kablammo! action thrillers.	Despite all his high-octane assignments, the only imperfection Statham receives is the crow's feet on his face. That's because his invincible shield protects him from all the rest of the body-razing annihilation that his person should have endured.	Jason Statham and Ben Foster turn in enjoyable performances, but this superficial remake betrays them with mind-numbing violence and action thriller cliches.
It pirouettes past problems, exuberantly celebrating two folks who fall in love.	Not only is the film way too long, but it often comes across as extremely haphazard with many scenes seeming too random, unattached to the greater picture and/or orphaned midstream.	A torturous endurance test!	Has neither the imagination nor the reach of Forrest Gump.	Lacks the depth of thought this complex topic deserves.	Made-for-tv drama evokes anything but real emotion.
A hugely enjoyable picture that proves Joel Schumacher really can direct and that not everything about the 1980s was awful.	The Lost Boys is heady, cutting-edge vampire stuff. Mind you, it's also very tongue-in-cheek. So watch out for those fangs, gang.	...a passable yet unspectacular relic of the 1980s.	Though there is enough gore in the film to satisfy the typical bloodthirsty filmgoer, its strong suit is deadpan humor.	Directed with a cavalier disregard for intelligibility, this has to be one of the most anaemic vampire flicks ever made.	Flawed but eminently watchable, Joel Schumacher's teen vampire thriller blends horror, humor, and plenty of visual style with standout performances from a cast full of young 1980s stars.
The concept of Face/Off is a multifaceted benchmark: it is John Woo's best American film, a requisite entry in the library of action films, and it is an actor's dream.	the film succeeds in overcoming its implausibilities because director Woo offers such a tantalising package.	Face/Off makes bad movies look worse and makes the making of good movies look like the most thrilling work in the world.	Face/Off, John Woo's third Hollywood movie, is the maddest, most enjoyable blockbuster of the summer.	An engaging and at times sophisticated story of identity and behavior, wearing the leering face of a farcical action cartoon.	John Travolta and Nicolas Cage play cat-and-mouse (and literally play each other) against a beautifully stylized backdrop of typically elegant, over-the-top John Woo violence.
North Country is the unfortunately overly-dramatized Hollywood version of a story that has a chance at being truly important and even uplifting, but thanks to extreme heavy-handedness, ends up being mostly shrill instead.	I'm even willing to forgive this rousing drama its coy, flirty ending, if only because its heroine has the grace not to drive her pickup truck off a cliff.	Caro knows how to push viewers' buttons, and she does so every chance she gets. The weather in the movie might be chilly, but she makes sure our blood is boiling.	Feature films about sexual harassment are hardly a dime a dozen, so Niki Caro's North Country-gawky though it may be at times-comes as welcome.	Intriguing (true) story of a female iron miner who sues the company for ignoring sexual harassment.	Though sometimes melodramatic and formulaic, North Country is nonetheless a rousing, powerful story of courage and humanity.
For horror fans who prefer their terrors served cold, this is a tense, unsettling experience that offers very little gore but nonetheless knows how to turn the stomach.	Another welcome entry in the ongoing revival of horror movies that rely on character and setting rather than shock and gore to chill audiences to the marrow.	This social-realist take on the cannibal sub-genre makes for a surprising lyrical and quietly profound piece of filmmaking.	It's really a movie about family and obligation, and that's what makes it scary.	A [horror] film where ambiance, glossy imagery and performance are more effective than the splatter.	A compelling story cleverly told, We Are What We Are quenches horror buffs' thirst for gore while serving up serious-minded filmmaking and solid acting.
If this 'piece of work' is more workmanlike than revelatory, it's an engaging portrait of a feisty lady.	She is by turns blue, bitter, hilarious, unbroken; a Hollywood-style portrait in infinite ambition. In that role, Rivers is unforgettable.	A Piece of Work is not about revelation or exposé. It is, instead, about Joan Rivers' business.	We get a superb tour of Joan Rivers' world, in which there's death and then there's life ... which isn't worth a single breath if you can't stand up and deliver.	It's easy to think of comics, especially time-tested ones like Rivers, as mechanical laugh-generators. Stern and Sundberg allow her to reveal the deep-rooted humanity of those ever-present quips, and the effect is humbling.	Penetrating Rivers' coarse image, this compelling documentary offers an honest, behind-the-scenes look at her career -- and at show business in general.
Lichtenstein makes an impressive debut as director of a provocative coming-of-age horror tale, inspired by the vagina dentate mythology; in the lead, the beautiful Weixler gives a striking perfromance.	Actor turned writer-director Mitchell Lichtenstein has bitten into one of the oldest myths in human folklore with Teeth, an imaginatively demented horror-comedy.	There's no scarier myth for males, and [director] Lichtenstein turns various images of emasculation into a black comedy that flirts, fairly tediously, with pornography.	In Teeth, Mitchell Lichtenstein makes the old v.d. the centerpiece of a gory female-revenge black comedy.	As amateurishly made as it is, Teeth runs on a kind of angry distrust toward boys.	Smart, original, and horrifically funny, Teeth puts a fresh feminist spin on horror movie tropes.
...an interesting and entertaining look into the life of Jack Rebney %u2013 if you can take the language.	An often funny and finally poignant documentary about the bizarre nature of modern fame (indeed, infamy) and the healing powers of community, human connection, and, yes, laughter.	A hilarious and surprisingly touching profile of a fascinating character.	I think this is a disingenuous and shallow movie about a fairly interesting guy.	[A] frustrating, borderline exploitative, madly entertaining documentary.	Though it doesn't quite answer all of the questions it raises, Winnebago Man is nevertheless a fascinating, hilarious, and surprisingly poignant look at a geniunely colorful internet celebrity.
If Becoming Jane is a little light in the head, it gives Anne Hathaway a chance to show herself off more delightfully than she did in The Devil Wears Prada.	Clearly embraces the spirit of the beloved novelist.	A charming, intriguing biopic, given extra depth and sparkle by attractive performances from its superior cast.	...drops the ball almost immediately by emphasizing some seriously hackneyed plot twists and an overall atmosphere of predictability...	...more 'chick flick' than recent Oscar-nom'ed Austen adaptations, but it's cut from more or less the same cloth, albeit less durable.	Although Becoming Jane is a well-crafted period piece, it lacks fresh insight into the life and works of Jane Austen. The film focuses too much on wardrobe and not enough on Austen's achievements.
It's time Wes Anderson moved beyond the mixture of damage and quirky creativity neglectful parents can cause.	Anderson packs an extraordinary amount of incident and observation into a mere 90 minutes.	Working through [Jason] Schwartzman as an alter-ego seems to recharge Anderson's ability to marry pitch-perfect style to emotional honesty.	Finds Anderson back in fine form.	Anderson's films have been a series of diminishing returns after the delightful Rushmore. The Darjeeling Limited is easy to admire but hard to like.	With the requisite combination of humor, sorrow and outstanding visuals, The Darjeeling Limited will satisfy Wes Anderson fans.
This is the sequel to 1987's Hope and Glory, a coming-of-age yarn awash with illicit passion.	Not as engaging as 'Hope and Glory' but more deceptive in its modesty.	Boorman grasps this opportunity in a war movie, to mount an incidental battle of his own internally against a national belief system without a soul - ridiculing a military hierarchy ranging from nasty to nonsensical, and pulled off with malevolent glee.	For a movie shaped by the harsher mercies of martial pursuits, it's incredibly light and frequently hilarious.	With a wildly inconsistent tone, this makes for an emotionally disengaging film that is ultimately rather unfulfilling.	Graceful and bittersweet, Queen and Country finds writer-director John Boorman revisiting past glories with warmth and wisdom.
This is our cultural conversation right now, and Bruno minces in, ready to demolish preconceptions in every direction.	Sacha Baron Cohen's smiling and gregarious Borat, as opposed to his haughty and selfish Bruno, scores much higher on the likeability scale.	Starts off as a hilarious lampooning of fame and the pursuit of celebrity, but Cohen and the gang run out of material.	For those willing to endure the shocks and actually think about them afterwards, the film's jokes work on multiple levels, although it is hard not to feel that there is some diminishing return this time around	Yes, Bruno is in 'gay face' if you will, but when going beyond the surface, he is clearly turning the mirror on us and saying, 'Do you see how stupid these stereotypes are?'	Crude and offensive, but with ample cultural insights and gut-busting laughs, Bruno is another outlandish and entertaining mockumentary from Sacha Baron Cohen.
What can I say? I found the bravura and chest-thumping intriguing. I don't even feel guilty saying that.	An interesting concept by Branagh, and a touching De Niro performance. It is hit-and-miss at times, a bit overwrought.	Branagh's directing style is soupy and derivative of all the wrong movies.	For all its attention to detail and special effects, this version lacks the pathos and tragedy in the complex and ambivalent relationship between the father-creator and his creature-monster; De Niro is misguided by director Branagh.	Visceral and energetic sceen translation of this literary classic.	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is ambitious and visually striking, but the overwrought tone and lack of scares make for a tonally inconsistent experience.
Oceans floods us with stunning visuals of the panoply of sea life. But without a compelling story, or a strong point of view, or mere information, we can only 'ooh' and 'aah' so much.	I never thought I would like anything made by two dudes named Jacques unless I could eat it for dessert or buy it from a truck stop men's room vending machine.	Slight but undeniably beautiful documentary on the oceans from the makers of Winged Migration.	Oceans works best as a series of pretty pictures, each more beautiful and jaw-dropping than the one before it. If you want context, get online or head to a library.	If the film does have a standout quality, it would be its meditativeness.	Oceans adds another visually stunning chapter to the Disney Nature library.
Although it shares a title and a certain seedy charm with Abel Ferrara's 1992 "Bad Lieutenant," this remake really marches to the beat of its own, jittery, crack-addicted drummer.	A perfect, perfect prank.	Nicolas Cage is out of his mind in The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call -- New Orleans. And it's wonderful to see.	Herzog, who seems to be drawing on the audience's affection for him as an inspired madman, may not care to tell a story straight anymore.	There is really no way to describe the playfulness and exquisite timing of the comedy in this film. It is partially Herzog's zany artistry, and partly Cage's masterful control of facial expressions and comic timing.	Befitting its unorthodox origins, this Bad Lieutenant benefits from Werner Herzog's typically fearless direction and a delightfully unhinged Nicolas Cage in the title role.
The aptly titled Nobody is just a white ball bouncing around the roulette wheel, as likely to land on this number as the next. It's fun to watch "Mr. Nobody" go round and round, but where it lands doesn't really matter to us.	Complex, visually stunning, and pleasantly convoluted, this is a film that seems like it can't be confined to one genre and while time flows in one continuous direction Mr. Nobody makes it a point to constantly pedal in the opposite direction.	Van Dormael's almost avant-garde modus operandi cements the movie's place as a love-it-or-hate-it proposition.	This is thought provoking without pretentiousness, full of ideas and passion that deserves a wide audience...Giving oneself over to the film is a pleasure that's not soon to be repeated.	At the 44-minute mark (I checked) of 'Mr. Nobody,' I loudly sighed and asked, "Good God, when the hell is this movie going to START!"	Mr. Nobody's narrative tangles may bedevil as much as they entertain, but its big ambitions and absorbing visuals make for an intriguing addition to director Jaco Van Dormael's filmography.
There's no ready capsule description of Kings and Queen, but its fluid, dynamic approach to melodrama and two compelling central performances create an impressive portrait of intertwined lives.	Desplechin's big, bold, iconoclastic feature Rois et Reine is a disconcerting film that can turn your head at the oddest moments.	His scenes ripple with undercurrents of awkward emotions... creating a film both devastating and uplifting, but he passes no judgments.	Category-defying film that's as smart and emotionally resonant as it is entertaining.	Features royally messed-up, complex characters magnetically portrayed by Devos and Amalric.	A dryly comic, stylistically brave film.
The good parts are so good, and the bad parts are so bad, that there's not even a way to calculate an average.	This ambitious tale of tragedy and redemption among fathers and sons is told in three parts and, despite a superb performance from Ryan Gosling, is less than the sum of its parts.	The Place Beyond the Pines is one of the most ambitious and accomplished films of the year, a sweeping, searing family drama that packs a devastating emotional punch.	An ambitious and twisting crime drama about fathers, sons and responsibility.	Fathers, sons, and motorbikes.	Ambitious to a fault, The Place Beyond the Pines finds writer/director Derek Cianfrance reaching for -- and often grasping -- thorny themes of family, fatherhood, and fate.
The first half is laboured and feels like a bridge for the third instalment, but there's still plenty of cast chemistry and great set pieces.	Like Twilight, New Moon is strictly for fans of the book %u2013 for the rest of us, it's actually worse than the first film.	Incoming director Weitz is a smart choice for the material.	So we've got a paper cut and a phone call, and a romance that never feels as big as the movie tries to make it seem.	The brooding and sulking is so palpable in "New Moon," the latest film in the Twilight series, that you could probably cut it with a knife. If the filmmakers thought that this would be enough to carry a film for over two hours, they were sadly mistaken.	The Twilight Saga's second installment may satisfy hardcore fans of the series, but outsiders are likely to be turned off by its slow pace, relentlessly downcast tone, and excessive length.
[Blu-ray Review] Lush and lovely to look at with a number of solid extras, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on Blu-ray is easily recommended for both the young and the young at heart.	The product of marketing genius, but at its core, this movie is entirely true to A.A. Milne's wonderful storybook intentions.	...it's always nice, anytime, to renew one's acquaintance with A.A. Milne's delightful characters.	Their charm is undeniable, though it mainly resides in the source material: the late 60s, when these were made, were Disney's darkest days for craft and commitment.	While Blustery Day won an Oscar, all three cartoons deserved it.	Perhaps the most faithful of Disney's literary adaptations, this cute, charming collection of episodes captures the spirit of A.A. Milne's classic stories.
This is a small film, which, if you're open to it, will draw you into the lives of people you quickly forget are fictional.	It sparks laughter by crossing the wires of human motivation, letting you see the hazards that exist in trying to be a good person.	Doesn't have much plot, just characters interacting and developing, and its lack of a need for drama is refreshing.	Hardly a treasure, but it offers some modest rewards.	A muted, almost Rohmer-like moral tale that doesn't quite dive deeply enough into its several characters.	Nicole Holofcener's newest might seem slight in places, but its rendering of complex characters in a conflicted economic landscape is varied, natural, and touching all the same.
Probably the biggest let-down since the second season of Twin Peaks.	Each step is away from the imagination that made the cards exciting to adolescents and towards a sort of smirking patronization of the spirit of the source material.	The film's penchant for repetition is faithful to its '50s source material and is the very quality that turns Mars Attacks! into such a marvelously unstable comedy.	Hilarity never seemed so tedious.	As sci-fi spoofs go, Mars Attacks! may never be topped.	Tim Burton's alien invasion spoof faithfully recreates the wooden characters and schlocky story of cheesy '50s sci-fi and Ed Wood movies -- perhaps a little too faithfully for audiences.
Fans of gritty, intense cop films won't be bothered by... significant flaws; others will have the pleasure of seeing accomplished actors dig into meaty roles.	Gray deserves some credit, though, for making a movie that seems deeper and more resonant than it turns out to be.	Too slow to be a guilty pleasure and too dumb to be an innocent one, We Own the Night doesn't say a lot except We Own a Lot of Scorsese DVDs.	This dramatic crime-thriller never lives up to that potential. In fact, it's considerably less than the sum of its parts.	As flat-footed as writer-director James Gray's script often sounds, his cops-vs.-mob tale can be strangely mesmerizing.	Bland characters, clichéd dialogue and rickety plotting ensure We Own The Night never lives up to its potential.
It's a pleasant enough way to mark time, which is exactly what the rest of the Disney crew is doing -- until inspiration, like a beam from the far end of the galaxy, strikes again.	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma.	Disney guarantees a certain standard of entertainment that will doubtless satisfy several hundred thousand families.	The adventures that youngsters act out on the french fry-littered seats of the family minivan will surely be more exciting, and more imaginative, than the film itself.	The plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story. But while the highly predictable narrative falls short, Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold.	Though its characterizations are weaker than usual, Treasure Planet offers a fast-paced, beautifully rendered vision of outer space.
A bit like watching a champion fighter win a title bout on points rather than a satisfying knockout.	Thankfully, Bond returns classed up and decked out from his dismal last outing. This time, the Fleming crew wisely take on the Axis of Evil for an action flick of the New World Order.	There's a heavy stench of 'been there, done that' hanging over the film. It's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more.	It's better than the last film, The World Is Not Enough, but it doesn't really recapture the old vim and vigor.	Damned if Die Another Day doesn't score, injecting some color and verve into a series badly in need of it. The story cracks and pops unlike any of at least the past six Bond movies.	Its action may be bit too over-the-top for some, but Die Another Day is lavishly crafted and succeeds in evoking classic Bond themes from the franchise's earlier installments.
Twyker manages to make a bank robbery sequence, complete with gunshots and death, endlessly dull.	A captivating piece of work from an excellent team.	If I could have found more about the human condition uncovered that was plausible, I would have been more receptive to the quirks in this film...	Twisty, wittily visual, amazingly fractured fairy tale of fate.	Isn't as playful and giddy as Run Lola Run, but ... it may stick to your ribs longer.	More slow-moving than Run Lola Run, this film nonetheless offers an intriguing storyline about love and fate.
Packs a punch that is difficult to parry.	Detailed and graced with irreverent humor and fine performances, Mehta's film deals powerful blows to economic injustice and misogyny.	Water simmers at the injustice heaped upon these women because of religious tradition.	Though it's a story told with feminist sensitivity, it's also the most relevant perspective for such injustice to women.	Water runs deep because Mehta is an able -- if somewhat gloomy -- storyteller.	This compassionate work of social criticism is also luminous, due to both its lyrical imagery and cast.
Imagine a cult Disney cartoon, for this may be it.	Any damage such revisionist history may impose on young minds is offset by the honestly inspiring thoughts Pocahontas offers.	True to the film's idealized spirit, directors Mike Gabriel and Eric Goldberg similarly fend off history.	With Pocahontas, the artists at Disney once again prove that when it comes to animation, no can hold a candle to them.	Disney deserves praise for raising the ante on its ambitions in animation. Next time, though, a little less civics lesson and a little more heart.	Pocahontas means well, and has moments of startling beauty, but it's largely a bland, uninspired effort, with uneven plotting and an unfortunate lack of fun.
All in all, Amenabar has created a ghost story as evocative and authentically English as the mist on the moors.	prioritizes human drama above horror-film gimmickry...	Like the best ghost stories, it's frightening because of what you don't see; suspenseful because we anticipate disaster, not because it has struck.	...relies as much on the evocation of mood as it does on things that go bump in the night.	Something that giants such as Steven Spielberg, Ridley Scott and Tim Burton have not been able to match so far this year.	The Others is a spooky thriller that reminds us that a movie doesn't need expensive special effects to be creepy.
Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped, they prove more distressing than suspenseful.	This one is probably best seen as a rental. From the looks of things, it shouldn't take that long to make it to the video store, either.	Never engaging, utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful.	... so many directions with so much silliness that a surprise no longer surprises.	What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron, deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence.	With its plot about child kidnapping and endangerment, Trapped is an exploitative thriller, more queasy than suspenseful.
While it preserves his baseball feats, it looks beyond them to clarify Greenberg's place in American culture.	The story is a winner and so is this film by Aviva Kempner.	Kempner's lighthearted yet not apolitical collage conveys how Greenberg's success as an athlete in the 30s and 40s contradicted an ethnic stereotype.	Aviva Kempner serves up a loving portrait of a man whose Hall of Fame baseball career is matched only by his enduring status as a Jewish folk hero.	Kempner puts Cole Porter standards to movie clips from Pride of the Yankees, Woman of the Year and others, providing the right amount of baseball nostalgia.	The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg is an affectionate, often very funny portrait of a baseball pioneer.
Illogical, thrown-together claptrap.	Uninspired and unabashed rip-off of Spy Kids.	Only a kid could love it, but they do.	Teen spy tale is another success for young Frankie Muniz and is backed by a broad spectrum of unexpected talents.	A listless, tween James Bond wannabe.	Should satisfy young teens, but offers nothing new for those who are familiar with the formula.
makes a better platform for a beginning astronomy class than action-packed thriller.	We are living in a world populated by 'Alien' knockoffs, you know it...the good news is that this is a knockoff with style.	Pitch Black is action science-fiction that barely qualifies as action and not at all as either science or fiction.	Despite far too many video-game moments and annoying taglines, the scifi thriller Pitch Black just may be the most entertainingly derivative movie of the millennium so far.	Lackluster both as science-fiction and horror.	Despite an interesting premise (and a starmaking turn from Vin Diesel), Pitch Black is too derivative and formulaic to fully recommend to sci-fi or action fans.
Did I understand it? No. Is it nonetheless a must-see of any sci-fi obsessive? Absolutely.	A visionary science-fiction film that takes us on a profound voyage into both outer and inner space.	More an exploration of inner than of outer space, Tarkovsky's eerie mystic parable is given substance by the filmmaker's boldly original grasp of film language and the remarkable performances by all the principals.	Once you accustom yourself to its pace -- it takes probably the first hour -- it's a hypnotic experience.	The third feature in Tarkovsky's brief, shining career will deliver you from the mundane to the sublime.	Solaris is a haunting, meditative film that uses sci-fi to raise complex questions about humanity and existence.
Winningly human, and wonderfully funny.	There are many amusing moments in Only Human; the film is never dull.	Writer-directors Dominic Harari and Teresa Pelegri have penned an amusing script and, as directors, inject a delicate human texture into the story's intermixing of capricious zaniness, frank sensuality and Mideast politics.	Shines a glaring light on sibling rivalry, cultural rifts and filial devotion without ever descending into pap or sentimentality.	Mines the comic possibilities of the classic setup of introducing the fiancé to the family, with results that are playful, charming and surprisingly thoughtful.	A cheerfully energetic screwball comedy, Only Human milks laughs from its culture-clash premise.
This film finds the Finn at his sunniest and most accessible.	A totally strange, beguiling, sadly humorous and humorously sad little film that's apt to linger in your memory far longer than many a more immediately impressive work.	...bleakness juxtaposed with bemusement...	A dour-faced but sublime comedy.	A delicious blend of hilarity and heartbreak.	Kaurismהki delivers another droll comedy full of his trademark humor.
For people just looking for a bit of entertainment, McConaughey's performance offers a fair amount and the plot is twisty enough to keep murder-mystery fans hooked. As long as you don't think about it. At all.	If you long for the days of legal eagle thrillers such as Jagged Edge or Basic Instinct then The Lincoln Lawyer is for you.	Return to old school court room who done it.	Lincoln is smart, juicy entertainment, but it's the kind of straight-up legal drama that hinges entirely on crafty storytelling and across-the-board solid performances.	Surprisingly corny for a story that spends so much time dealing with prison and rape.	It doesn't offer any twists on the predictable courtroom thriller formula, but with a charming Matthew McConaughey leading its solid cast, The Lincoln Lawyer offers briskly enjoyable entertainment.
Starts well but never goes anywhere with its grisly set-up.	Very creepy.	Vacancy's an audience divider - a predictable yet occasionally classy film. Depending on your mood it's an efficient exercise in popcorn frights, or a cynical B-movie...	Trite and opportunistic in its feints at intellectual weight... Best, in fact, to mine from the crumbly ore of Vacancy a drinking game plated in gold.	My expectations were met early on, but fell flat in the end.	Vacancy's restraint with gore is commendable, the thin characters and B-movie cliches less so.
Any film that elicits wide-eyed comments like, "What a story!" afterward is inherently successful.	...fairly lightweight. But it's nevertheless one of the most entertaining movies that will hit theaters this year.	When man bites dog or woman rapes man, that's news: and Errol Morris knows how to put the latter across.	Like a sensationalistic flavor-of-the-month crime or Hollywood scandal, the film is sure to capture the viewer's attention while it plays out, but is just as destined to lose its luster the second the saga in question has run its course.	It's a guaranteed good time at the movies, but I can think of at least three other Morris films that have stuck with me longer.	It's far from his most thought-provoking work, but Tabloid finds Errol Morris as smart, spirited, and engaging as ever.
Both Llewyn [Davis] and Frank may embody the spirit of the difficult musician, but Frank...is a more empathetic and engaging character, making Frank, the movie, a more bleakly funny yet ultimately touching film.	The whole thing is in danger of becoming arch and quirky, yet Abrahamson steers the final act of his drama toward a sombre, unhappy rumination.	A strange and wonderful movie drawn from an even stranger and not quite so wonderful real-life story.	Frank works as satire, as memoir, as comedy bromance, but it works mostly because it is just so weird: an anti-Dumas fable about a man who never removes a fake head.	Fassbender, his beautiful face hidden from view, gives a nuanced performance, relying on voice and body movement to convey Frank's mercurial moods.	Funny, clever, and endearingly unusual, Frank transcends its quirky trappings with a heartfelt -- and surprisingly thought-provoking -- story.
This is one of the best family entertainment films to come out in recent years.	If you can accept "The Sandlot" on its own terms, as a sentimental, nostalgic look at growing up... you'll have fun. More importantly, young audiences will have fun.	Sweet and sincere, the film is also a remarkably shallow wade, rife with incident and slim on substance.	Field of Dreams for tweens.	In this well-crafted movie, a strong cohesive ensemble makes the team likable. Guiry as Scotty is especially good.	It may be shamelessly derivative and overly nostalgic, but The Sandlot is nevertheless a genuinely sweet and funny coming-of-age adventure.
A crime gem that is darkly funny even when it's chilling -- and certain to become a classic.	Whether these characters are lovable or detestable, they're lovable or detestable in a TV way -- defined by a minimal set of traits that are endlessly reiterated and incapable of expansion or alteration, a fixed loop.	Uniquely fascinating.	Any movie that can do that and get away with it as efficiently as Fargo does is something to treasure.	This mordant, macabre look at the American obsession with fast food, television and murder is icily funny.	Violent, quirky, and darkly funny, Fargo delivers an original crime story and a wonderful performance by McDormand.
It must be nerve-racking for the producers to offer a tale so lacking in standard melodramatic satisfactions. But the result is worth it, for this is the clearest film statement yet on how the nature of heroism has changed in this totalitarian century.	Ngor's naturalistic and empathic portrayal of his character's desperate fight for survival is the key to this film's visceral power.	The movie is diffuse and wandering. It's someone telling a long, interesting story who can't get to the point.	Every scene of The Killing Fields (and every participant in its making) is in service of showing how abruptly a seemingly safe and vital individual can have everything essential stripped away.	The director, Roland Joffe, and his photographer, Chris Menges, capture all of this with a realism that hasn't been so poetically convincing in a nondocumentary context since Gillo Pontecorvo's Battle of Algiers.	Artfully composed, powerfully acted, and fueled by a powerful blend of anger and empathy, The Killing Fields is a career-defining triumph for director Roland Joffé and a masterpiece of American cinema.
It becomes an entirely different film, one not really premised on the bad-superhero comedy idea, and the film is then oddly without a sense of humour, and its vague interest in satire vanishes completely.	Hancock is an irreverent hero for our times--perhaps reflecting our own national zeitgeist, with America's previously untainted superpower image suddenly a matter of debate rather than fact.	See-saws between straight superhero movie and parody, with layers of soap-opera fudge in between. A lot of solid scenes - but Hancock lacks the power of super-coherence.	Most of Hancock's faults can be forgiven because Will Smith creates a quintessentially American hero: flawed, frayed, but always sacrificing for the sake of others.	The more we get to know about Hancock and how he acquired his name and mysterious powers, the less entertaining it becomes.	Though it begins with promise, Hancock suffers from a flimsy narrative and poor execution.
High on schmaltz and low on real feeling, Ratner's film is a hollow happening that, in more intelligent hands, may have achieved the kind of complexity it strives for.	Its sparkling cast and a few inventive riffs on an old outline make this a welcome holiday entertainment.	Aimed at the unfussy consumer of Christmas schmaltz.	It's rare that an American movie lets slip such a snobbish distaste for the humdrum lives of its blue-collar audience base, but of course it doesn't last.	Too much of the movie is pure formula nonsense.	Despite good performances by Cage and especially by Leoni, The Family Man is too predictable and derivative to add anything new to the Christmas genre. Also, it sinks under its sentimentality.
A rarity, a film about old age that is neither a celebration or lament of of lost youth, nor an anticipation of impending death, but simply an unsentimental meditation on the ambiguous present, on aimlessness, isolation, and infirmity.	One of the greatest films I've ever seen.	Few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end.	A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera...	Piccoli is superb as an aging actor named Gilbert Valence.	I'm Going Home is a masterfully subtle and poignant exploration of mortality.
It will most definitely divide audiences, having already done so all over the world. But Laugier has contributed a brave, brutal and original horror film for all to witness.	Martyrs is an unforgettable (not necessarily a good thing) endurance test of a movie that provides a quasi-philosophical spin on the torture porn genre.	Martyrs is a five star example of what modern horror can do, or a one star mugging of all that is decent. Forgive us if we go with the former.	MARTYRS is this year's INSIDE, both films are legendary in their own right... The only negative thing about Laugier's film is that once you see it, you'll never be able to see it for the first time ever again...	Arthouse? Grindhouse? The Passion Of Joan Of Arc: Unrated Edition? Defying all boundaries, Martyrs relentlessly dishes the visceral pain and emerges as a work of not just ceaseless terror but also gravity and beauty.	A real polarising movie, this Gallic torture-porn is graphic, brutal, nasty and gruesome and not to everyone's taste.
When it's on, it's really on: sharp, funny and geeky, just like you remember.	Most of the dialogue is geared towards young teenagers who mindlessly argue about things that really don't matter in real life.	Clerks II would make for an appropriate end to Smith's lackluster career.	Just like the new Star Wars trilogy before it, my youth has been raped once more by another large man sporting a beard. Thankfully this one doesn't wear flannel.	The slackers of Clerks have lost their wiseass flannel-shirted charm in Kevin Smith's feeble attempt to translate his day-in-the-life-of '90s cult film to 2006.	Clerks II dishes up much of the graphic humor and some of the insight that made the 1994 original a cult hit.
Although the setting has moved from Detroit to LA, the stylised urban wasteland, morbid atmosphere and basic plot remain the same.	Utterly devoid of energy and shock value.	Worst of the Crow franchise, which should have ended with Brandon Lee and the entertaining first film.	The city of overacting, the city of bad writing and the city of truly dreadful sequels.	It verges on the misanthropic and necrophiliac; more in love with the absence of characters, their demise, than with flesh and blood.	The Crow: City of Angels is a sloppy pretender that captures neither the mood nor energy of the original.
It took Jacques Tati close to ten years to realise his greatest achievement, but it left him virtually broke. No wonder.	[Playtime] leaves you smiling and feeling good about the way we humans have of demolishing order wherever we go.	Tati is constantly fiddling with his images, constructing sets and placing his camera in exactly the right place to execute a visual transformation of space.	Comedy has rarely been so intricate, incisive and inspired.	An extraordinary combination of observational comedy and technical virtuosity.	A remarkable achievement, Playtime's packs every scene with sight gags and characters that both celebrates and satirizes the urbanization of modern life.
Though there are enough interesting moments to keep it refreshing, Mr. Helm's script never rises above its conceit to reach the giddy Charlie Kaufman heights to which it aspires.	There are a handful of really nice moments in Fiction, and almost none of them have to do with Helm's outrageous setup.	So, in lieu of the usual cookie-cutter movie, we at least get the cookie itself, a nice-light treat.	It's not the original story we signed up for -- or thought we did.	The actors and the filmmakers all take a more restrained approach than you might expect, keeping the humor gentle, and the jokes mostly as literary as the premise.	A fun, whimsical tale about an office drone trying to save his life from his narrator, Stranger Than Fiction features a subdued performances from Will Ferrell that contributes mightily to its quirky, mind-bending affect.
Nothing new or groundbreaking here, just a lot of talented people coming together for a well-made and entertaining Western.	A classics-steeped western that rams home tradition over reinvention, Appaloosa kicks it hard as a buddy pic on horseback. Harris and Mortensen's study in laid-back companionship is the principal pleasure, leaving Zellweger mired in role that does her and	A droll Western with an odd romantic triangle.	Ed Harris, working from a Robert Parker novel, has crafted a meticulously detailed, newfangled old-fashioned morality tale of hard men who go soft when a woman comes between them.	A welcome return to the roots of the western genre.	A traditional genre western, Appaloosa sets itself apart with smart psychology, an intriguing love triangle, and good chemistry between the leads.
Depp portrays Wilmot, who was also remembered for scandalous poetry and theatrical satire, as a careless and generally unpleasant fellow, who is neither funny nor profound. And we're supposed to spend two hours with this guy. Ugh.	This has got be one of the least erotic and grungiest films about hedonism ever made.	There follows much groping and fondling and talk of debauchery, all of it slightly less erotic than integral calculus.	This is an irritatingly unsatisfying and unappetizing profile.	[Director] Dunmore creates a memorably grimy London, but the moral grime covering the film proves less memorable.	Despite Johnny Depp's zealous performance, muddled direction and murky cinematography hinder The Libertine.
This multi-Oscar-winner nails its characters, time period, and locale so perfectly that it becomes even more compelling as time goes by.	Hoffman gives a performance as 'Ratzo' Rizzo that stands as the finest in an extraordinary career.	We can identify with them without false sentimentality and it is impossible not to do so.	Brilliant filmmaking.	As dark and unflinching as it can be, it also fiercely believes in the dignity of its downtrodden characters.	John Schlesinger's gritty, unrelentingly bleak look at the seedy underbelly of urban American life is undeniably disturbing, but Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight's performances make it difficult to turn away.
(Bujalski's) easy naturalism creates an unexpected comic lightness for something so laced with ambiguity.	For reasons Bujalski fails to dramatize effectively, his characters are stranded in a banal state of gummy-beared, flip-flopped infantilism.	An ebullient sliver of a movie.	It raises so many little questions and offers so many quiet insights that one sitting isn't enough.	Low budget and intimate, perhaps to the point of belonging on the small screen rather than the cinema, its still an intelligent and unpretentious slice of life true American life.	This modest, unpretentious character study astutely captures the emotional states of the 20-something slacker.
Overall it delivers some genuine old-school chills -- something that was missing when Macaulay Culkin played a similar role in The Good Son.	Ultimately predictable.	It's regrettable that Joshua veers into outlandish Omen/Bad Seed/Good Son territory.	A twisty, chilly vision of haute-yuppie parenting as unrelenting nightmare, an ingenious reworking of the demon-seed genre in which the evil child is not the real villain.	Perhaps the scariest thing about Joshua was the feeling I got at the end that I had just sat through some kind of weird gay panic movie.	Though Joshua is ultimately too formulaic, its intelligence and suspenseful buildup heighten the overall creep factor.
An overpriced mess!	so thoroughly misguided and muddled Dreamworks, the studio foisting this bomb on the public, ought to hire a special corps of ushers to hand out sympathy cards to patrons as they exit the theater.	Director Jan De Bont pathologically forgoes subtlety for special effects bombast which, though visually impressive, is quickly desensitizing and raises nary a goosebump.	Loud, obvious and without a wisp of ambience!	Unfortunately, the film's sets and special effects overwhelm its plot and cast.	Sophisticated visual effects fail to offset awkward performances and an uneven script.
It's far from a perfect movie, and some will get too caught up in the debate over the use of such a war as the subtext for a popcorn actioner, but Stallone has delivered the movie Rambo fans would have asked for.	Light on plot, heavy on violence - Rambo isn't for everyone, however I think it perfectly appeals to the video game crowd.	Stallone may believe that he can turn back the clock to the golden era of his career, but I'm not convinced that this kind of brutal, bellicose naivety sits so well with audiences any more.	Rambo delivers big-time and simultaneously gives a big, blood-covered middle finger to all the neutered action movies of late.	Rambo shows Stallone ran out of ideas after penning 2006's Rocky Balboa.	Sylvester Stallone knows how to stage action sequences, but the movie's uneven pacing and excessive violence (even for the franchise) is more nauseating than entertaining.
Makes for a modestly touching journey.	A funny, exhilarating and ultimately bittersweet paean to an era and a man.	The best advertisement for the Mormon faith since My Ten Wives.	The late Johnny Thunders didn't write You Can't Put Your Arms Around a Memory until after the Dolls had broken up, but this lovely little heartbreaker of a movie takes the sentiment as its own.	Greg Whiteley's small, tender documentary portrait looks at life after rock 'n' roll as experienced by the original bassist for the New York Dolls.	Arthur Kane is a fascinating subject in what ultimately proves to be a touching, bittersweet documentary.
A provocative meditation on the possibility of domestic happiness.	a gorgeous dream half-remembered.	It is so painterly perfect you could hang it on the wall.	Plays like a holy, erotic mood piece.	As impenetrable as the film seems at times, it's also visually stunning ... and the performances are uniformly good.	The Vertical Ray of the Sun is gorgeously, poetically composed, lulling the viewer into its story of everyday life.
If you're willing to take a chance on a daring film that's likely to make you laugh one moment and cringe the next, you may find it as haunting as it is uncomfortable to watch.	Will give you lots to discuss without necessarily contributing much to the conversation.	The ending may be too pat, but the journey to get there -- bitter, spicy, and poignant -- more than compensates for any last-minute fumbles.	It is kept on track, however, by a courageous central performance from Bishil.	Gripping, disturbing, powerful and likely outright offensive to many people, Towelhead is an often brutal study of clashing cultures, adolescent abandonment and sexual confusion.	This story of politics, race and, sexual awakening has moments that pack a punch, but overall, Towelhead never quite achieves the nuance of helmer Alan Ball's television work.
The script puts the two characters through their paces. Blandly.	Two vibrant performances by Luke Mably and Julia Stiles don't compensate for the wobbly screenplay and predictable finale.	It takes so long to find its own bliss that it ends up being more like The Never-ending Love Story.	A movie that mixes contrivance and charm in ways that are genial but all too predictable.	A predictable exercise in boy-girl mush amid royalty's seductions.	A bland, fluffy, and predictable bit of wish fulfillment.
The ending is not altogether satisfying, but it's certainly an original.	Howitt's story stalls at that point, and from there on things quickly devolve into soap opera-like melodrama, with some disappointing character revelations and a preposterous ending.	Sliding Doors is one of my favorite films so far this year. Not many pictures entertain you so thoroughly while still giving you something meaningful to ponder.	If you can let plausibility slide, this tale of two simultaneous realities created by catching/missing a train will be a fun ride.	A clever and satisfying comedy that comes as a blissful relief from more high-minded festival fare.	Despite the gimmicky feel of the split narratives, the movie is watch-able due to the winning performances by the cast.
Patently absurd and yet wildly entertaining; a marked improvement over its excessively dour predecessor.	Making sure the audience knows that the writers ''get it'' with a little humor and some crazy action makes the silliness easy to forgive and fun to watch.	While this is the best in the franchise since the first film, I still don't like it because watching Vin Diesel in anything makes me want to punch myself in the face...and that's just not healthy.	Finally, The Rock has come back to the action genre.	These movies are sheer silliness, improbable roadway mayhem interspersed with obligatory fistfights and gunplay, all coated with a noxious layer of adolescent macho posturing.	Sleek, loud, and over the top, Fast Five proudly embraces its brainless action thrills and injects new life into the franchise.
Lovers of genuine cinema will get blue balls	A pleasure to watch a film as visually stylish as it is psychologically demanding. I wish it had been twice as long.	Though his direction is unsurprisingly beautiful, the settings lush and the performances wonderful, no one apparently had the guts to insist Lee streamline his rambling story.	A beautifully rendered, long, drawn-out but ultimately very satisfying story of betrayal and revenge in an uneasy setting of wartime paranoia.	While some will feel his previous works better illustrate his gift of film, Lust, Caution creates an unmatched statement of cinematic wisdom all its own.	Ang Lee's Lust, Caution is a tense, sensual and beautifully-shot espionage film.
It may dredge up a few frights, but for the most part The Cave is a spelunker clunker.	You will laugh at numerous unintended jokes -- including the baked-in opportunity for a sequel.	Has atmosphere to burn (and one lulu of a set-piece involving a rock-climbing Piper Perabo) but [the] mixmaster editing style drains away much of the film's urgency.	Despite the occasional chuckles of embarrassment for what the cast (including Morris Chestnut, Piper Perabo, and Eddie Cibrian) must endure, The Cave is a dead end.	Contained enough unusual scenery and frightening sequences to keep my mind off its farfetched plot most of the time.	Despite its stylized and impressive sets, this horror-monster movie mish-mash suffers from endless cliches and wildly implausible plotlines.
Billed as a 'chilling, psychological thriller,' this movie is actually none of those things.	Its treasuretrove of spiritual meanings set it apart from a host of other so-called supernatural thrillers.	The ghost story is alive and well in Hollywood.	Wow. What an ending. I don't think I've been this moved by a film's conclusion since the frighteningly shocking end of David Fincher's Seven (10/10).	Of the big studio films released this summer, it's hands-down the best!	M Night Shayamalan's The Sixth Sense is a twisty ghost story with all the style of a classical Hollywood picture, but all the chills of a modern horror flick.
A strange, volatile mix of history and movie cliches.	The acting ... is merely competent, the dialogue humdrum, the direction without sufficient challenge.	Mostow has fashioned something with an admirable level of purity about it.	Rousingly successful in doing one thing: generating pure, unadulterated suspense.	U-571 is a crackerjack adventure.	Excellent cinematography and an interesting plot accompanied by a talented cast and crew make U-571 a tense thriller.
All are given swords to swing and mouthfuls of fake archaic dialogue to speak and none of it makes a whisper of sense.	As the Roman Empire crumbles, undemanding escapist entertainment with wonderful production design and a cast.	An old-fashioned boys' adventure yarn...no great shakes as a fantasy epic...but there are far worse movies out there for young boys.	This attempt at reimagining the Arthurian legend fails to raise the pulse due to some leaden dialogue and unconvincing performances.	Every once in a while, though, Firth's eyebrow hints, Can you believe I'm wearing this dorky leather breastplate?	With miscast leads and unoriginal, uninspired dialogue, The Last Legion pales in comparison to the recent cinematic epics it invokes.
After years of skulking around in Hollywood's shadows, fan-boy culture finally has a movie hero to call its own.	A far smarter movie than anyone could have expected.	Fast, light, and easy-to-swallow, 'Kung Fu Panda' is an ideal repast for families to enjoy during early summer at the multiplex.	Enjoyable, superbly animated and frequently funny adventure with great voice work, strong characters and some excellent fight scenes.	One fine movie.	Kung Fu Panda has a familiar message, but the pleasing mix of humor, swift martial arts action, and colorful animation makes for winning Summer entertainment.
The goal of Ong Bak 2 was to make something bigger and better. They only succeeded with the first half.	Overcooked, overproduced, and all the action is swamped with distracting camerawork and gimmicky design.	The 'sequel' to Jaa's stunning international debut, Ong-Bak, and his third international outing after the entertaining The Protector, but it contains only a fraction of the previous two's joyful invention.	Revenge as a dish best served tempura style!	The fight scenes are kinetic and varied, and pick up a unique flavor from the backdrop of meticulously recreated hillside villages.	It suffers from comparisons to its predecessor -- not to mention Tony Jaa's less-than-nimble direction -- but Ong Bak 2 has all the extravagant violence and playful style that fans of the original will expect.
Frankenstein's psychological inquiries remain both striking and potent, its morality-lined narrative brimming with existential hurdles on both ends of the scale.	The genius of all this beauty is that it truly is chillingly scary.	Here Whale emerges in full flower%u2014the stage director in love with the theatrical and drunk on the possibilities of film.	Classic monster movie still electrifies.	As much as the later movies diluted the character of the Frankenstein creature, nothing could blunt the impact made by Karloff in the role of the most memorable movie monster of all time.	Still unnerving to this day, Frankenstein adroitly explores the fine line between genius and madness, and features Boris Karloff's legendary, frightening performance as the monster.
It looks great and moves well; it's exciting and funny in all the right places.	The geekery has charm, but is a little self-conscious and just occasionally, this movie resembles an open-ended, rambling drama serial that gets a little, well, lost.	Budding teen romance, menacing military men and not one but two dysfunctional dads are checked off like a how-to Spielberg kit with a depressing lack of intellectual heft.	J.J. Abrams employs his formidable skills in a sort of glib cinematic sleight of hand, persuading us (for a while) that he delivers more than he really does.	A giddily nostalgic film that recaptures the sense of awe and wonder from early Spielberg classics such as Close Encounters and ET.	It may evoke memories of classic summer blockbusters a little too eagerly for some, but Super 8 has thrills, visual dazzle, and emotional depth to spare.
You can definitely put this movie in the corner.	You may not have the time of your life, but Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights is a perfectly serviceable date movie propelled by some electric dancing and tangy salsa music.	Every bit as good as the original, but that's not saying much.	White boys can't jump, but some white girls sure can dance.	Charmless, clumsy and culturally offensive all at the same time.	Cheesy, unnecessary remake.
While it is cartoonish, it also is fun, and that is due mostly to Chan.	Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.	Surprisingly enough, the trailer's funny--and the movie's even funnier.	The contrast between Tucker's motormouth and Chan's man of few words should be funnier, but the plot -- which is cliched without quite becoming self-reflexive -- and the uneven pace dampen most of their moments.	...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...	A kick-ass addition to the cop-buddy film genre.
Great Whitney Houston songs, mediocre love story.	I was completely unprepared for just how bad The Bodyguard is.	Feature length rock video created to sell soundtracks. Starring Kevin Costner.	Lawrence Kasdan, it seems, mulled over the first draft of his screenplay twenty years ago; it should have been left to languish in development purgatory.	Old fashioned star vehicle that makes no bones about manipulating its audience, but which does so with plenty of theatrical gusto.	The Bodyguard is a cheesy, melodramatic potboiler with occasional moments of electricity from Whitney Houston.
The movie never quite coheres into a consistent vision.	It's sledgehammer whimsy, and it's not talking to me.	The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is a masterpiece.	What a disappointment!	The rare adaptation that celebrates the spirit of the TV show that spawned it instead of disgracing it.	Though the film stays true to the nature of the original cartoon, the script is disappointing and not funny.
A witty, sad, informed view of obsession, submission and the sex industry.	Funny and sensitive for all its faults, The Fluffer is nevertheless unlikely to break out of the gay cinema ghetto.	mostly limp drama aimed for a gay audience.	a sappy muddle complete with murder, drug addiction, and an abortion -- which is another way to describe this effort.	...too much of the lives of the stars of "The Fluffer" and not enough of the examination of the porn business.	Though it begins promisingly enough, The Fluffer eventually descends into melodrama.
It tries to be everything to all people, with its young star (to attract to tweenies), copious mayhem (startling at times) and hard-boiled characters but only succeeds in part.	Little more than an action exercise, but an extraordinarily skillful one, a well-oiled machine that delivers an adrenaline rush of the first order.	HANNA is the sort of movie that gives you faith in action films as not just ass-kicking or fun rides but as actual cinema	If you're looking to find out how to make an action/spy thriller more than just an action spy thriller then look no further then Hanna.	[Joe] Wright is a natural successor to the late Anthony Minghella, able to deftly mix visual panache with small-scale emotion.	Fantastic acting and crisply choreographed action sequences propel this unique, cool take on the revenge thriller.
An intelligent, spare, mean-streets sort of story, This Is England features superb performances...	Director Shane Meadows finally digs the terrific film out of his provincial home that his fans (myself included) always suspected he had it in him to make.	Meadows has a fighters' way with his camera, but an increasingly mature way with story.	It may be the best work to date from the talented 34-year-old writer-director of Twenty Four Seven (1997).	With bad boy conviction and feisty demeanor, Turgoose ably shows us sharply responsive nerves bared to the erratic side of reactive behavior.	A moving coming-of-age tale that captures the despair among England's working-class youth in the 1980s.
Ferrell Still Rocks Even When He's Coasting	With Blades of Glory, Will Ferrell and Jon Heder stake an early claim to being the comedy couple of the year.	It's one of Ferrell's lightest, least edgy movies, and you'd need a microscope to find things at which to take serious offense.	Will Ferrell is funny. Just looking at him makes you chuckle. Jon Heder is funny looking. Together, they make an amusing duo. And Blades of Glory is a funny film.	Sketch comedy stretched to its maximum length, and while it's good fun, like that big dumb goof in every high school class, it comes oh-so-close to wearing out its welcome.	Thanks to the spirited performances of a talented cast - particularly Will Ferrell and Jon Heder as rivals-turned-teammates -- Blades of Glory successfully spoofs inspirational sports dramas with inspired abandon.
Aside from maybe "Friday Night Lights," I can't think of another recent sports movie that dared to suggest athletic achievement isn't a worthy goal in and of itself.	The movie's moral messages are all on target. Too bad the movie is much, much too long and Jackson gives one of his dullest performances ever.	Either real life is becoming more like a movie, or sports movies inspired by a true story exist in their own form of reality.	If you've spent a week with CBS' prime-time lineup, you've heard this tune a million times.	Jackson plays the coach with wit and authority. His imposing presence ensures that he won't have to take much guff, even from the toughest punk on the team.	Even though it's based on a true story, Coach Carter is pretty formulaic stuff, but it's effective and energetic, thanks to a strong central performance from Samuel L. Jackson.
Eventually it all boils down to cliché, with home invasions by Terry, physical confrontations between Terry and Gabe, a hostage situation, a main character getting gunned down, and all the other standard thriller tropes that might excite the kind of audie	Civic Duty does engage and get your pulse racing.	Terrorism can make you crazy. Or more accurately, U.S. media hype about terrorism can drive you to believe.	Dig deep down into some bad movies and you occasionally find a good idea at the center. Civic Duty isn't one of those movies.	The film's pace lags toward the end, but its grasp of manufactured fear's dreary pervasiveness never falters.	At times a tense and provocative thriller, Civic Duty struggles to move beyond its one-note premise.
"The Big Year" proves yet again that comedy isn't just magic that happens when funny people stand next to each other. They actually have to be doing or saying, or not doing or not saying, something that might inspire humor.	One of the blandest imaginable comedies, a PG-rated flick that's so nice and so harmless it's like inhaling pound after pound of flavorless tofu.	The question that comes most readily to mind is why the powers that be went to the trouble of hiring three actors with vivid on-screen personas and then did everything in their power to render them non-entities.	Engaging, low-key comedy enlivened by likeable characters, strong performances and an original central premise, though it's slightly undone by an overwritten script and a grating, ever-present voiceover.	...the film itself qualifies as a rara avis: a benign, good-hearted movie about three disparate characters' search for happiness. The fact that it's rated PG, and yet is intended for adult audiences, should tell you something about the movie's nature.	Though made with care and affection for its characters, The Big Year plods along, rarely reaching any comedic heights.
The story is shallow stuff, but pretty entertaining until it becomes utterly preposterous.	The aim of the film was to be entertaining, the art part it dumbed down for mass consumption.	The resulting dynamics, while producing some jovial flow and engaging tension, tend toward a somewhat tottering balance.	The inspiring central plot still works, the actors are refreshing and the dance is great to watch, making Center Stage a worthwhile experience.	Subpar Dawson's Creek in Danskins.	Critics say that if you're willing to suffer through soap opera-like dialogue and plot to see some excellent dancing, this movie is for you. Otherwise, you might be better off renting Fame.
The way this movie ends is so wrong that it doesn't deserve a pass as frothy entertainment. Why? Because it's actively sending a bad message to kids. [Blu-ray]	You would think after all these decades of making these kinds of movies Disney would do a better job with this, but it really is terrible.	Blackpool's own Peter Chelsom gets stuck in behind the camera - or should that be stuck? At least this follow-your-heart pap throws out the odd stray zinger: "Fabulous news - Beyoncé has double pneumonia!"	The perfect combination of old and new versions of the American Dream: country girl riding out into the misty wilderness by day, and teen pop phenomenon by night.	Falls flat as a contrived drama and dull, vapid comedy. Only easily pleased fans of Miley Cyrus will find it to be mildly amusing and harmless, but everyone else will often be painfully bored and wish that it were over sooner.	While youthful Miley fans won't complain, Hannah Montana the Movie is little more than a formulaic Disney Channel episode stretched thin.
Lucas has protected his multibillion-dollar franchise by making a film targeted at children. It gives them exactly what they want--eye candy that moves at light speed.	It's slow. Its characters are anorexic. The dialogue is mostly forgettable. Jake Lloyd delivers something short of an exciting performance.	I will say this: the time and money they spent working on this post-conversion is evident in the final result. It is technically very impressive.	Delivers exactly what every kid of any age wants: wows. And plenty of them!	It's an extremely enjoyable movie, blending imagination with technology and creating visual eye candy, wrapped up in a lightweight but enjoyable story.	Lucas needs to improve on the plot and character development, but there's plenty of eye candy to behold.
Reeve continues his traditions of graceful flying moves, confident carriage, and twinkly warmth. Sadly, none of it is enough to save Superman III from being at home only in a junkyard.	A silly and dull continuation of the series. Lois Lane nowhere to be found. Pryor provides scarce laughs. The externalization of Superman's inner struggle mildly interesting.	A noticeable drop in quality from the first two, but it's still decent enough that you don't have to be embarrassed for liking it. That comes soon enough...	Outdated superhero movie may interest older kids.	Among the worst in the series.	When not overusing sight gags, slapstick, and Richard Pryor, Superman III resorts to plot points rehashed from the previous Superman flicks.
The movie never makes fun of geek tropes, but it does indulge in rapid-fire pop culture allusions that go so bloody fast you need to see it twice to catch them all.	...one of the most entertaining movies to have come out this summer.	Though darker and in many ways more cavalier than either of its predecessors, the third time is most certainly an ambitious, uproarious, insane, bromantic charm.	Very funny!	I went into The World's End hoping for the best, but the best I could summon up after about two hours were some encouraging smiles.	Madcap and heartfelt, Edgar Wright's apocalypse comedy The World's End benefits from the typically hilarious Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, with a plethora of supporting players.
The two directors take so much abuse from Duffy throughout the film that you can't help but feel that Overnight is their long-overdue revenge.	In their rush to give Duffy his comeuppance, the filmmakers barrel past their movie's real potential, which could have been a blistering exposé of Hollywood's bandwagon mentality.	Highly entertaining, in a schadenfreude sense, but incomplete.	In answer to Troy Duffy's question, "Who is this idiot Jerry Bruckheimer?", he's the guy opening National Treasure opposite your spectacularly documented flameout.	For Duffy, watching this film must be like seeing a scab peeled off	This absorbing but wince-inducing documentary is a cautionary tale about the costs of hubris in the world of indie film.
A stirring meditation on grief gives way to some unexpectedly light hearted moments, in the impeccably acted drama Rabbit Hole.	Rabbit Hole eschews much of the hysterics in favor of a gentle and surprisingly funny look at how a couple might cope with that impossible burden.	Respects the struggle that is the process of grieving and healing without giving way to wallowing or histrionics. It is, in a word, tasteful.	This searing family portrait is honest, humorous at times and worthy of kudos for Kidman and the cast.	It's an unsentimental, occasionally amusing insight into two people who don't know how to become normal again. A very affecting and fine debut for Kidman as producer.	It's often painful to watch, but Rabbit Hole's finely written script and convincing performances make it worth the effort.
The flick: See Spot Run / it's a truly bad movie / drove me to Haiku.	The kind that's punishment for weekend dads and whatever adult they drag along to help them keep their wits while the kids scream for more poop humor.	Ten writers! So many writers to make so little!	See Spot Run attempts to rationalize its stupidity by proclaiming itself a family film, as if that justifies its consistently low aim.	It's a crude, dumb patchwork of worn-out ideas and cliches.	See Spot Run has all the elements chidren enjoy in a movie: a lovable dog, bad things happening to stupid adults, and lots of dog poop. For adults, it's either hit-or-miss.
Just sit back, grip your arm rest like it's a joystick, and enjoy the slam-bang ride through the future-shocked Earth of 2065.	Visually stunning, while utterly mentally mundane.	The result is a ground-breaking achievement that could be recommended for its eye-popping visual prowess alone. Fortunately, these computerized thespians also engage the heart and mind.	Older kids and adults ... will feel rewarded and blessed to have seen something so intriguing.	The real draw for "Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within" is to the many fans of the video game series and those who are curious....	The movie raises the bar for computer animated movies, but the story is dull and emotionally removed.
Covers a lot of ground in recounting N.W.A.'s story. It begins and ends on high notes, though it loses its way ever so slightly in the middle.	The film antagonizes. It instigates. Just like gangsta rap itself.	Despite Straight Outta Compton's energetic acting and Gray's capture of in-studio Eureka! moments, it never manages to transcend biopic hagiography ...	This movie burns so hot that it's bound to run out of steam. It does. But what stands is an amazement, an electrifying piece of hip-hop history that speaks urgently to right now.	The highly entertaining and sprawling biopic starts out with its pulse on the nation only to somewhat devolve into standard Behind the Music backstage melodrama.	Straight Outta Compton is a biopic that's built to last, thanks to F. Gary Gray's confident direction and engaging performances from a solid cast.
Even if this isn't the best Civil War film ever made, it's one of the most interesting and least dogmatic.	Fine performances -- including one from Jewel -- highlight this Ang Lee western.	Lee and his team bring the period and place to life brilliantly, in its every frontier main street, homely speech pattern, and burnt gunpowder fog.	From a technical perspective, Ride With the Devil is nearly perfect.	It's simply a collection of familiar dull moments from a variety of bad historical dramas.	A well-acted, eccentric Civil War film, Ang Lee's Ride With the Devil is often more visually striking than it is emotionally engaging.
Most of the comic sequences and satirical barbs in this comedy seem to have been recycled from the long ago past.	As much credit as Ferrell deserves for keeping this nonsense from slipping off the screen, Applegate deserves as well.	Doesn't quite live up to the promise of its admittedly funny trailer, though it does have several good laugh-out-loud gags.	A strange, funny movie about a strange, funny guy.	Some of the material works, some doesn't.	Filled with inspired silliness and quotable lines, Anchorman isn't the most consistent comedy in the world, but Will Ferrell's buffoonish central performance helps keep this portrait of a clueless newsman from going off the rails.
The movie offers an insulting 'let them eat cake' gesture toward the 1982 audience, but the pacing is so ragged and the characters so lifeless that few will be able to stay awake long enough to feel offended.	Huston's biggest misfire; ponderous and sluggish.	Truly Charming. You'll be singing til the sequel.	The songs never take off into anything very much, the whole atmosphere (apart from the climax) is distinctly stagebound, and Huston merely reveals why he had never before in his long career been hired to make a musical.	This charming musical based on the comic strip character Little Orphan Annie features many memorable songs and pleasant dance numbers.	John Huston proves an odd choice to direct, miring Annie in a sluggish, stagebound mess of an adaptation, but the kids are cute and the songs are memorable.
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium, and What Time Is It There? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor.	Demands too much of most viewers.	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss.	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy, What Time Is It There? may prove to be [Tsai's] masterpiece.	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience.	Though it requires patience to view, What Time Is It There?'s exploration of loneliness is both elegant and haunting.
Smith is looking more and more like a developing major talent, so it could be years until we get a handle on this movie's legacy.	The grating sense of commercial calculation in Jersey Girl consistently undercuts Smith's fine writing.	...in the same way that Smith refers to Bennifer's disaster Gigli, as 'totally watchable', this one might fall under the same backhanded classification.	In several ways Jersey Girl is more appealing than Clerks or Mallrats.... Nonetheless, it lacks the smart observational-humor edge and often thoughtful boldness -- and, most frustratingly, the promise -- of Chasing Amy or Dogma.	Corny, predictable and lousily directed, but Kevin Smith still has an original voice that can be faintly heard in there somewhere.	A surprisingly conventional romantic comedy from Kevin Smith, Jersey Girl is warm but often overly sentimental
To the extent that it's a rhapsody on the theme of Nick Nolte, The Good Thief has considerable charm.	The marriage of Hollywood-friendly plotting and independent style make [The Good Thief] the perfect vehicle to better the industry. It's easy to see general audiences, even young ones, thrilling over the deft storytelling, and once you're exposed t	If Academy Awards voters are still in a forgiving mood next year, Nolte deserves a best actor nomination.	Jordan has made a film that is both traditional enough to hold those moviegoers who don't catch its kickiness, and cinematic enough to hook those in thrall of 'camera art.'	The South of France has rarely looked so grim and inviting as it does in Neil Jordan's new film, The Good Thief.	Bolstered by Nolte's strong performance, The Good Thief brims with seductive style.
This despairing, terrific documentary presents a world where distrust thrives and fresh starts are in short supply.	This story, touching many social issues, is told on a very personal level. There is an extraordinary revelation near the end of the film. It is as if it was written by a great screenwriter, but instead, it is real life. Amazing.	The film offers an insightful probe of organized religion and how notions of trust, compassion, forgiveness and redemption sometimes clash with small-town values and contemporary socioeconomic realities.	Moss uncovers something greater than a vision of a divided community; he's made a drama as prickly and surprising as any fictional character study.	Demands a rewatch, and is so stuffed with incident that someone should remake it into an overcooked, Americana melodrama.	Hard-hitting, absorbing, and painfully relevant, The Overnighters offers an urgent and compassionate picture of life in 21st century America.
Considers what's real between two people, and if it should bother us when reality becomes replaced with a copy.	There are times when Binoche's enthusiastic embrace of this conceit verges on the loopy, but at least she is entertaining, as well as energetic, her aim being to encompass 15 years of marriage in one afternoon.	An elegant, erudite, existential romantic fable about middle-aged second chances.	Certified Copy is meant to be a stimulating philosophical experience. It succeeds sporadically.	a uniquely cinematic landmark	The main stars are absolutely perfect in this absorbing, existential drama that dissects human relationships.
The movie's remote tone is occasionally frustrating but it feels appropriate because, unlike a more overtly sentimental film, it leaves plenty of room for the audience to respond.	A true crime drama with a twist.	Here is a movie that regards people with sympathetic gazes rather than details, fully aware how all things will pan out but fascinated enough by the inner-workings of flawed psyches to keep our eyes watching on in sobering deliberation.	The movie's take at times is fascinating. But it's basically one long, sick joke played at half speed. It's a ponderous, sick joke.	Director Bennett Miller's a poor biographer but a good storyteller.	A chilling true crime drama, Foxcatcher offers Steve Carell, Mark Ruffalo, and Channing Tatum a chance to shine -- and all three of them rise to the challenge.
The cinematic sleight-of-hand parallels the bombast of its hero, but you never get a glimpse of either visionary.	a movie for people who love World's Fairs	If we're offered a movie named Tucker: The Man and His Dream, we leave feeling cheated if we only get the dream.	If 12-year old boys had money, Tucker would have made a million overnight	Smoke-filled, rousing dramedy about corruption.	Though it may not be as comprehensive as some would like, Francis Ford Coppola's cheerful biopic of the failed automotive designer features sparkling direction and a strong central performance from Jeff Bridges.
Feels a little like Spike Lee lite - "Joe's Bed Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads" minus the street realism, or Do the Right Thing without the conflagrations.	Isn't Barbershop the sort of middlebrow pop entertainment Ice Cube used to want to kill white people over?	A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh. Tim Story's not there yet - but 'Barbershop' shows he's on his way.	A great opportunity for various people to display their comic talents, especially Cedric the Entertainer in a great role of barbershop's sage...	One of the most refreshing things about this movie is the way it gives free reign to the sort of freewheeling debate that actually rages in some barbershops over what are accepted orthodoxies right outside the door.	Besides bringing on the laughs, Barbershop displays a big heart and demonstrates the value of community.
Whether the lack of story clarity is a weakness or a virtue is an individual response, but the filmmakers do not hesitate in playing up the cinematic flourishes.	Ultimately the film delivers such a weak payoff that it makes nearly everything that came before it seem rather pointless.	A gorgeous, textured, meaningful, multimedia shadow play; appreciate it as deeply as you like	Maybe he's also Sam. Or an aspect of Sam. Or else Sam is an aspect of Henry. Maybe Henry is an aspect of Lila. Maybe what we think is reality is all an illusion. Maybe illusion is actually reality. Maybe we're all jacked into the Matrix.	Rod Serling would have wrapped this mysterioso story about a psychiatrist and a suicidal patient dislocated by time, space and a lot of crazily raked angles into a tight half-hour episode.	A muddled brain-teaser, Stay has a solid cast and innovative visuals but little beneath the surface.
The crisp photography makes the movie what it is. The camera catches the beauty and devastation of each scene with a sharpness that rivals the greatest works in cinema history	Filled with unforgettable scenes.	Hero is elliptical, radically disjointed and female-empowering. Everything a wu xia should be...and then some.	A gorgeous and sweeping epic delivered with exceptional style and mesmerizing imagery.	...while Hero is essentially a nonstop ninety-odd minutes of sword fighting, it is one of the most visually beautiful films ever made.	With death-defying action sequences and epic historic sweep, Hero offers everything a martial arts fan could ask for.
'71 may not illuminate all that much, but it consistently electrifies.	People died, but it's more than the bombs, bullets and bodies. The more fascinating damage was done to psyches and souls, and Demange, with '71, comes for yours.	O'Connell continues to bring equal measures of toughness and vulnerability to his characters. Despite his good looks, there's an everyman's quality to him, which he uses to full effect in "'71."	"'71" is a well-crafted, tense film and an excellent debut for its authors.	A tense, nerve-racking drama set primarily over the course of one night in Belfast.	Powerfully directed and acted, '71 stays true to its fact-based origins while remaining as gripping as any solidly crafted action thriller.
The two stars? They're exactly right.	The director pulls it off but is constantly right on the ragged edge of losing his audience.	The movie challenges traditional notions of entertainment. It lasts a little more than 1 1/2 hours but puts you through such an emotional wringer that it feels much longer.	Illustrates how easy and tempting it is to take the path of petty revenge, and, conversely, how difficult it is to choose to do the right thing.	Sometimes God likes to put two guys in a paper bag and just let 'em rip	Though some may find its conclusion unsatisfying, Changing Lanes is a tense, well-crafted exploration of meaty ethical dilemmas.
The promised goods are delivered within reason...and Tatum and McConaughey provide enough sexy charm for the ladies and self-satirical charm for the guys that most viewers should be entertained.	McConaughey goes for broke, rolling and writhing on the stage while women grab at him and throw cash. I would've handed over my credit card.	There's a lot more than banana hammocks and vigorous thrusting ...	Steven Soderbergh has made a movie that works as both intimate character study and party film.	It's medium-strength Soderbergh, which is better than the full-strength stuff most filmmakers can manage but not exactly the brand that keeps you coming back for more.	Magic Mike's sensitive direction, smart screenplay, and strong performances allow audiences to have their beefcake and eat it too.
Murphy models his frocks comfortably enough, but "'Pluto" is draggy in other, disappointing ways.	The result is immensely enjoyable from start to finish.	A fizzy tonic amidst stiller holiday fare.	An odd, at times off-putting mixture of camp inflection and earnest insight.	Murphy is an actor to watch. Even in heels.	Well-acted if monotonous drama about a transvestite prostitute in London during the 1970s.
Less a documentary than a sales pitch.	If you're a fan of 'extreme skiing' (ie. hurling yourself down terrifyingly steep terrain with sticks on your feet), this film is your Holy Grail.	Steep provides a skin-deep history lesson on extreme skiing.	Obenhaus's movie certainly contains a lot of spectacular photography.	You can choose to risk a heart attack watching these skiers take off on 55-degree mountain passes or breaking your neck trying imitating them yourself. Thrilling sport. Great photography.	Steep is a mixed bag of breathtaking mountain footage and yawn-inducing banter.
It's a 100-mph, 100-minute seizure-inducing music video loaded with leather, guns and Goth delights.	Snipes reprises the lead role and is even stiffer and more robotic that he was in the earlier films.	Trinity is a lighter shade of Blade, delivering brisk action and cutting comedy in equal measure.	While the first two movies were efficient if not highbrow entertainment, the latest film abandons even the pretense of having a story.	In film number three, Blade has grown a little dull. (Couldn't resist).	Louder, campier, and more incoherent than its predecessors, Blade: Trinity seems content to emphasize style over substance and rehash familiar themes.
It never effervesces into anything deeply funny.	Manages to find the magic through its documentary style, and manages to find the erotic in the commonplace.	The whole film feels timidly improvised, and director Andrucha Waddington paces it at a numb, leaden crawl.	For the culturally uninitiated (us), it's a judgmental struggle regarding this Brazilian Lolita and her unorthodox cabaret.	The film never becomes charming enough to elicit more than an occasional smile.	Me You Them tells a warmly comical and touching story, and features a charismatically earthy performance by Casж.
Just another lamebrain, offensive and unappealing mainstream sitcom family comedy that recklessly makes light of child abuse.	In spite of its piecemeal approach, "Mr. Woodcock" erupts with sidesplitting slapstick gags that more than compensate for subplots that never add up.	The film's poster showing Woodcock holding two strategically placed basketballs is funnier than anything in the actual movie!	It's a two-minute trailer unsuccessfully stretched into an 87-minute feature film.	While often both funny and perceptive, it's less than memorable, and a weak ending reduces it to more of a time-filler than a movie that's truly worthwhile.	Underutilizing a talented cast, Mr. Woodcock lacks the comic energy and timing to make the most of its intriguing premise.
Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic!	It's truly a masterpiece in the end.	This movie scared the hell out of me!	As a ripe, almost Victorian-tinged contemplation of desperate sisterly devotion, it can be harrowing.	This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered.	Restrained but disturbing, A Tale of Two Sisters is a creepily effective, if at times confusing, horror movie.
The beloved 1938 children's book about a house painter who becomes guardian to a dozen penguins has been turned into a standard-issue children's comedy with Jim Carrey.	It's not an awful film but, in the end, it's nothing much at all.	Yet another almost ghastly film wrapped around the gigantic talent that is Jim Carrey.	All of this would be simply banal if not for Waters' surehandedness and Carrey's clever inserts. This is staccato Carrey, throwing in lines and rubbery faces in between the kid movie machinations.	Mr. Popper's Penguins is a delightful family film from an industry void of them. Take the kids or the grandkids and have a few laughs.	Blandly inoffensive and thoroughly predictable, Mr. Popper's Penguins could have been worse -- but it should have been better.
Catch and Release seems both too long (at nearly two hours) and too short (with under-developed plot lines). Still, you may enjoy Gray and Sam, and even Fritz, enough to stay involved.	The poor man's Julia Roberts, Garner boasts a similar coltish, awkward physicality and vaguely aquatic mouth... just none of the Movie-Star charisma.	A story of self-discovery Catch and Release is ... well it's horribly, horribly dull is what it is. It's like an entire season of a mediocre primetime soap opera squeezed into a couple of hours.	A well-acted, truthfully written film -- there's just too much of it (about 20 minutes too much).	Unable to work as a comedy, romance or drama, this film isn't to catch or release. Best to just let this one swim on by.	A romantic dramedy with boring, stock characters and contrived situations.
The characters are intended to be slightly stupid, but the writing isn't necessarily smarter.	It may not sound funny, but there's a bleakly comic air about the story, and a bit of surrealism, suggesting the most caustic side of the Coen brothers.	This is a smart, melancholy crime picture, which takes its cues from the title of the perverse old standard Christensen plays on her stereo at night: "You Always Hurt The One You Love."	The movie is so artfully constructed that it gives you the sweats right up to the end.	Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.	Led by Henrik Ruben Ganz's assured direction, this knotty Danish noir thriller steers audiences into some nicely unexpected territory.
Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison.	An incompetent spin on the poor-little-rich-girl story, the film involves a lot of wardrobe changes and product placements, and a smidgen of intrigue and some chaste romance.	There's a happily ever after ending complete with cute new boyfriends. But on the way there, the movie has a surprising number of inapprpriate and ugly choices considering the target audience and the PG rating.	Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile.	Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin.	Plagued by paper-thin characterizations and a hackneyed script, Material Girls fails to live up to even the minimum standards of its genre.
Belman doesn't look into the bigger problems of James' team jet-setting across the country during the school year, or the spectacle allowed to build up around him.	Deeply inspiring. That said, for every young kid who sees More Than a Game and thinks they are the next LeBron James -- it should be mandatory to watch 1994's Hoop Dreams.	It's especially effective in exploring the pressures on the boys and their fragile dreams.	There's no "I" in team. But there are two in stultifying.	Conforms to the classic three-act story structure of unexpected success followed by hubristic downfall followed by triumphant return.	Though the film may not delve as deep as some would prefer, More Than a Game is an inspiring documentary featuring likable youngsters, a positive message, and some exciting in-game footage.
Kenneth Lonegran brings such authentic humanity to this relationship it would be hard to not feel a involved and invested in these people's lives.	You Can Count on Me is the kind of good movie people say isn't made anymore.	One of the best American films of the year.	With warm humor and perceptive writing, director Kenneth Lonergan displays a gift for creating realistic characters and a compelling story.	[Lonergan's] screenplay and direction are marvels of subtlety and nuance.	You Can Count On Me may look like it belongs on the small screen, but the movie surprises with its simple yet affecting story. Beautifully acted and crafted, the movie will simply draw you in.
A dazzling, exhilarating, refreshingly character-driven and thoroughly captivating experience that must be seen on the big screen. It's unlike any martial arts film you've seen before.	Legend trumps fact in Ip Man, a kickass fictionalized biopic of the titular grandmaster of Wing Chun martial arts and mentor to Bruce Lee.	The action is enthralling even if the storyline doesn't always have the ring of truth about it.	If you're looking for great action scenes, you've found them. But if you desire more than eye candy, such as character and plot development and historical accuracy, you'll have to look elsewhere.	An explosive exercise in bare-knuckled myth-biography.	At once beholden to the established conventions of the genre and delightfully subversive of them, Ip Man is one of the most exciting -- and refreshingly character-driven -- martial arts films in years.
It is wonderful: a rhapsodic adaptation of a memoir, a visual marvel that wraps its subject in screen romanticism without romanticizing his affliction.	Bauby's horrific situation, and the purposefully muted reactions of the people around him...speak for themselves with spare eloquence.	The Sea Inside meets My Left Foot.	A textbook example of a director prizing himself over his material.	It is a work of art, with no apologies for that word.	Breathtaking visuals and dynamic performances make The Diving Bell and the Butterfly a powerful biopic.
As assured a screwball comedy as Hollywood has made in decades.	Freaky Friday is fun for kids, teens and parents alike.	Moms and their teenage daughters have struggled for centuries to connect. Bridging that yawning chasm is the yin and yang of this cheerful, well-executed charmer.	Curtis' and Lohan's performances are unpredictable and inspired, much fresher than the movie they're stuck in.	Despite the awful history of parent/child switching movies, Freaky Friday strikes gold with funny, first-rate performances from Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan.	Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan charm in Mark Waters' nicely pitched -- and Disney's second -- remake of the 1976 hit.
This punishingly predictable tale will test whether sci-fi action fanboys can stomach having their cherished genre infiltrated by sentimental hokum about a down-on-his-luck dad and his spunky long-lost son.	Atom is complimented by a ringside announcer for displaying a fighting style that's "almost human." This is about the highest praise the mechanistic, spare-parts melodrama of Real Steel deserves.	An old-fashioned potboiler made up of cinematic spare parts [that] work[s] in a crass, manipulative way. But...anybody without a bleeding heart will probably be giggling rather than cheering by the final fade-out.	The element that lingers longest is a subtle strand ... of recessionary anxiety.	A toy tie-in, an overlong movie that takes on some of the grimy veneer and colorful characters of a "boxing picture," sanitizing it for children.	Silly premise notwithstanding, this is a well-made Hollywood movie: Thrilling and exciting action with just enough characterization.
Like Eric Rohmer with rowing machines.	Although not as strikingly original as Bujalski's earlier work, there's something endearing about the characters, the film's laconic, stoner rhythms and quirky plotting.	Andrew Bujalski, who also wrote the script, does an excellent job in playing out his oddball romantic comedy and creating fully formed characters	Bujalski takes exaggerated types and, by focusing on their quirks to the point that they become banal and relatable, turns his characters into recognizable humans.	A perfectly chosen cast sells this unhurried comedy, which flows unconventionally but is still, by a long stretch, the most mainstream-friendly picture Bujalski has made.	Results moves stubbornly at its own deliberate pace, but the well-chosen cast -- and writer-director Andrew Bujalski's insightful observations -- offer rich rewards for patient viewers.
Menos interesante y mбs rutinaria que la primera Elizabeth (de 1998), esta segunda parte vale la pena mбs que nada por otra brillante composiciуn de Cate Blanchett.	The elaborate costumes and set decoration provide the only interest.	Spectacle, costumes, wigs and an inaccurate history lesson rules the day.	The sets and costumes are elaborate Oscar bait, though the excess of candles sometimes makes things resemble an old Police video.	There are scenes where the costumes are so sumptuous, the sets so vast, the music so insistent, that we lose sight of the humans behind the dazzle of the production.	This sequel is full of lavish costumes and elaborate sets, but lacks the heart and creativity of the original Elizabeth
A lifeless follow-up.	I admit I had a good time at Next Friday. All I'm saying is, don't pay more than matinee price for the privilege.	Still, in the Wayans Brothers tradition, a few of the vignettes are savvy and effective.	Mike Epps makes his motion picture acting debut with Next Friday. By next Monday, he could be a star.	An altered state on the part of a viewer is about the only way for this film to be considered the laugh riot of the year.	Next Friday lacks the fun of the original Friday. The movie is messy and plotless and relies on unfunny vulgar gags.
A paint-by-numbers inspirational sports film.	Rocky is an old-fashioned fairytale brilliantly revamped to chime in with the depressed mood of the '70s.	One of the greatest, if not the greatest, feel good movies of all time.	Though far from a masterpiece, the first Rocky (1976) still feels fresh and miraculous, a true Cinderella story making Sylvester Stallone a worldwide star.	Better films have been made about the world of sports, but for many Rocky is the sports movie.	This story of a down-on-his-luck boxer is thoroughly predictable, but Sylvester Stallone's script and stunning performance in the title role brush aside complaints.
The film looks neither fully real nor fully imagined, which could be forgiven if Mars Needs Moms had something more to offer besides its nifty technology.	Don't be put off by the title. Wells harnesses 3D mo-cap wizardry for a children's adventure that balances storytelling and sci-fi.	Infused with a half-baked psychedelic ethos, incorporating some rather incongruous imagery that is supposed to tie in with its simple-minded politics regarding ideas of child rearing and gender roles.	With originality an alien concept, the film proves to be the equivalent of sci-fi-cinema training wheels.	The motion-capture animation technique has come a long way since Robert Zemeckis (a producer on this film) introduced it in The Polar Express, but what's missing too often is the human element, especially during all the rambunctious activity on Mars.	The cast is solid and it's visually well-crafted, but Mars Needs Moms suffers from a lack of imagination and heart.
An intelligent and often moving film.	You don't have to wear a yarmulke or even be Jewish to be affected by this traumatic story of religious intolerance.	It offers several interesting insights into the seemingly incongruous matters of homosexuality and orthodox religion.	A remarkable and moving accomplishment.	The film helpfully translates onscreen some of the Hebrew words of the interviewees for the benefit of goyim whose only exposure to the Hasidim has been Yentl.	Trembling Before G-d looks at the effects of religious morality on believers whose sexuality falls outside the accepted norm with intelligence and compassion.
Cleverly clanky and colorful.	Far more interested in yelling 'look what we can do!' than in developing any of its characters or livening up its recycled story.	A computer-generated animated adventure featuring few product placements, which is quite a departure from the norm for such children's fare.	Priceless special effects of the cast talking about doing the voices of these mechanical 'bots with a heart...	A fun ride with plenty of laughs, excitement and touching moments about living out your dreams no matter your make, model or build.	Robots delights on a visual level, but the story feels like it came off an assembly line.
Neil LaBute's utterly misconceived remake of Robin Hardy's 1973 cult horror film is a boring, fright-free catastrophe.	Nicolas Cage's finest hours are not spent frantically running through a forest in The Wicker Man, especially when he must do so dressed in a bear suit.	LaBute's remake is an interesting idea that never transforms into a particularly satisfying movie.	The sense of dread that should pervade every frame of film is nowhere to be found. It plays like an expensively produced commercial for some organic product grown with loving care by devotees of all-natural farming and/or animal husbandry	click to read full review	Puzzlingly misguided, Neil LaBute's update The Wicker Man struggles against unintentional comedy and fails.
...still stands up today as it did eight years ago as the definitive example of how to make a summer movie right (heck; how to make any movie right).	Davis paints with bold visual strokes so that the movie rises above its action-film origins and becomes operatic.	Relentless action + strong Ford and Tommy Lee performances make this a classic.	A terrific thriller that may stretch the credulity of the audience at times, but leaves them well-entertained for better than two hours.	Not only did they get their smarts by casting Harrison Ford and the engimatic Tommy Lee Jones, they wrote a script (screenplay by Jeb Stuart and David Twohy) that was filled with tension, sprinkled with suspense, choca-bloc with action, and for the most p	Exhilarating and intense, this high-impact chase thriller is a model of taut and efficient formula filmmaking, and it features Harrison Ford at his frantic best.
This is a messy movie, sometimes repetitive, sometimes too compressed and allusive. But that's like saying Ty Cobb was not a very good sport -- irrelevant in comparison to the horrific fascination of his story.	Director Shelton is a master at locker room drama, and helped by a towering performance of snarling egomania and drug-fuelled bitterness from Jones, he tackles the dichotomies of [Cobb] with engaging enthusiasm.	Completely uncompromising in a way that films, especially sports films, just aren't.	Despite Jones' performance, it's a disappointing biopic	While the story of Cobb himself is a worthy one (Shelton's treatment, believe it or not, even has its similarities to Orson Welles' Citizen Kane), Shelton shortchanges the very game that made the man famous.	Tommy Lee Jones's searing performance helps to elevate Cobb above your typical sports biopic; he's so effective, in fact, that some may find the film unpleasant.
DreamWorks Animation tries something new, but we prefer its talking-animal comedies Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda.	The super-duper-3-D-big-screen-Imax-deluxe extravaganza that is Monsters vs. Aliens has bells and whistles, superb technical sophistication and dazzling visual effects, sound, fury and Reese Witherspoon. What it doesn't have is heart.	You'll probably take your kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens, but you might have more fun seeing the movie without them.	By the DVD release -- and definitely by next year -- audiences will demand more effort than everyone at DreamWorks (excluding the animators) seems willing to exert.	An amalgam of the vintage sci-fier Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman and Pixar's Monsters Inc., Monsters vs. Aliens is a goofy computer-animated romp that works just fine in the traditional moviegoing format.	Though it doesn't approach the depth of the best animated films, Monsters Vs. Aliens has enough humor and special effects to entertain moviegoers of all ages.
There's no justice in the world - finally we have a film involving religion that is really deserving of someone to protest it and it opens with nary a picket line.	Predominantly a failure, and the finger points to Peter Hyams, who helms this monolith with little grace or subtlety.	If you liked The Exorcist, The Omen, and Rosemary's Baby , don't miss this one.	Arnold, Arnold, Arnold, what were you thinking when you signed on to do this?	This tedious movie offers little in the way of wit, originality or even competence. It's two hours of purgatory.	An overblown thriller with formulaic action scenes and poor acting.
It is so adroit in its structure, so insightful in how it explores its vivid characters that it forces us to acknowledge not only how complicated all lives are but also how easy it is to be self-centered and miss those complications in everyone else.	A lyrical, affecting survey of modern romance with a decidedly English accent.	Shows us small revelations only an opened heart can grasp.	Soap opera fans will recognize a kindred spirit here	Leaves you with the impression that it could go on and on, picking up loose threads and exploring stray implications. More remarkably, you find yourself wishing it would, because these absolutely ordinary people turn out to be infinitely interesting.	Unconventional and refreshing, this strikingly un-Hollywood film takes a quiet and heartbreaking look at the warmth and inspiration of friendships lost.
John Waters at his most accessible -- which is still really odd.	I don't quite know how Waters did it (and I have absolutely no idea why he did it), but the fact that Cry-Baby is fun suggests that the filmmaker possesses an instinctive understanding of what made those Elvis pictures so successful in the first place.	Waters's writing is woefully uneven. It's as if Sam Kinison had decided to tell knock-knock jokes -- sterile, unfunny knock-knock jokes at that.	Pink Flamingos fans will find Cry-Baby decidedly tame, but it's one of my favorites.	John Waters' mischievous satire of the teen exploitation genre is entertaining as a rude joyride through another era, full of great clothes and hairdos.	John Waters' musical ode to the teen rebel genre is infectious and gleefully camp, providing star Johnny Depp with the perfect vehicle in which to lampoon his pin-up image.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Superb performances by the incomparable Gong Li (Zhang Yimou's reliably brilliant stock actress), and the wonderfully understated Chen Daoming, are electrifying. ..	As it builds toward its beautifully heartbreaking and tender last scene, chances are you'll be reduced to a sobbing puddle of tears.	Coming Home is a film in which everyone's dreams are irrevocably broken, the pieces too small to grasp, let alone pick up.	Marred by a refusal to deal with politics (possibly a function of the novel it is based on), it is a moving story about the toll that the Cultural Revolution exacted on a family.	This miniature of a family in crisis [...] is richly rewarding, even without fiery battles, lavish set-pieces or high drama.	The rare tearjerking melodrama with sociopolitical subtext, Coming Home plucks the heartstrings with thought-provoking power.
To appreciate this scenic spectacle requires a leap of faith that will test even die-hard Bollywood fans.	If Chandni Chowk to China were a person, it would need Valium.	...so energetically off-the-wall that the sheer novelty alone makes it entertain much of the way.	Chandni Chowk to China seamlessly adds kung fu to the usual blend of comedy, dance and melodrama.	In fact, at two hours and 34 minutes, CC2C is too much by a half: too much dancing and fighting and too much footage of the Great Wall of China.	A thin plot is disguised by high octane dancing and action in this Bollywood crossover comedy.
I feel for Tom, I commiserate with him for his tragedy but, for me, 300 days of Summer would have been more than sufficient.	[Director] Webb treats his characters and his audience with respect. The result is something worth savoring regardless of the season in which it is seen.	I can't speak highly enough about this really inventive romantic comedy.	A romantic comedy that feels like real life.	This is the movie The Breakup was advertised to be.	A clever, offbeat romantic comedy, 500 Days of Summer is refreshingly honest and utterly charming.
One of the more entertaining Bond films.	An odd interruption in the Bond canon that's neither an unsung masterpiece nor an unmitigated disaster. It's half terrific, half terrible -the former most often when George Lazenby shuts up and Peter Hunt's masterful action instincts take over.	Just as entertaining and as visually attractive as the five previous Bond films.	Might have been the best Bond if not for the bland Lazenby.	Even featuring an inferior 007, On Her Majesty's Secret Service is a landmark change-of-pace, and an exhilarating and affecting piece of entertainment.	George Lazenby's only appearance as 007 is a fine entry in the series, featuring one of the most intriguing Bond girls in Tracy di Vincenzo (Diana Rigg), breathtaking visuals, and some great ski chases.
There's nothing magical about the romance in Autumn in New York, and nothing even very tragic about its love affair.	Though individually attractive, together Gere and Ryder are as unappetizing a combo as pimento and peach.	...the feel of an old-school weeper...	While Autumn in New York is a dreadful film, it's not substantially worse than a lot of the what spills out of Tinseltown during the hot season.	Nauseating amount of glucose sentiment.	Although the film isn't as bad as feared (it wasn't pre-screened for reviews), it's not that good, either. Most noticable flaws are the sappy romantic cliches and lack of chemistry between Gere and Ryder.
Eat Pray Love only superficially advocates independence and growth while serving up a steaming pile of pseudo-spiritual hyperbole.	Basically a picaresque rom-com about a girl who needs to feel OK about having everything she could ever want.	Julia Roberts is back with her best role since "Erin Brockovich"! Jenkins is amazing, with standout supporting work that deserves serious Oscar consideration. The pacing is solid despite a 133-minute run time & you get so caught up with the...	It helps that Roberts rides all the turbulent waves with such ease and such grace, that Jenkins knows exactly what to do with his internal churn, and that Bardem can do no wrong.	Let the cynics scoff - this is a movie that's beautiful to look at that will leave you with some food for thought, as well.	The scenery is nice to look at, and Julia Roberts is as luminous as ever, but without the spiritual and emotional weight of the book that inspired it, Eat Pray Love is too shallow to resonate.
By the film's final toast, one feels as if they are indeed part of The Wood.	A boring and distancing affair!	The growing-up stuff is kind of wonderful.	Awkward performances, unsure directing flaw The Wood.	Choppy coming-of-age story.	A charming piece of work with believable characters.
In spite of some mysterious circumstances, Yella is directed perfunctorily and entirely without suspense or any sense of urgency.	An expertly crafted thriller which offers a pessimistic, though deeply rewarding, glimpse of a society being haunted by its own past.	An edgy, intellectual and enigmatic dream-like metaphysical thriller about living in post-reunification contemporary German as a venture capitalist.	A strange blend of corporate thriller and supernatural mystery.	Filmmaker Christian Petzold meets his goal of providing an alienating portrait of the business world.	Chilly and haunting, Yella's atmosphere gets under the skin.
... fails to rise above a Dickens-like tale of betrayal and redemption	[The filmmakers] sensitively handle the breakdown of Amir and Hassan's friendship [and] grasp the tension between the hardship of those who remained in Afghanistan and the guilt of those who fled.	The Kite Runner doesn't just make us watch the battling kites in the skies over Kabul; it makes us truly see the people below, in many ways for the first time; that's the film's greatest achievement, and ultimately the best reason to see it.	The pacing is lugubrious, the performances unremarkable, and the movie itself mostly disposable.	Faked compassion, bland visuals, metaphors dropped like anvils	Despite some fine performances, The Kite Runner is just shy of rendering the magic of the novel on to the big screen.
Despite their lackadaisical impression, the pictures are quite tightly structured: each scene covers emotional and narrative distance. Funny, forgiving, credible and deft, they offer much to appreciate.	Bujalski's writing is so good, and every shot and edit seems exactly right.	Every scene in Bujalski's films is a little awkward, and just right.	There is no denying the director-screenwriter's ability to capture a certain real-life quality on film.	Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the new awkward.	Director Bujalski continues to give cinematic voice to awkward, literate twentysomethings with noteworthy smarts and tenderness.
The very definition of a meaningless, mindless summer sequel.	No longer lethal, Detective Riggs is a crotchety middle-aged weapon now	A highly charged action adventure/comedy drama.	Even in this fourth go-round, the magic and charm is definitely still there.	I started checking my watch after forty minutes.	Jet Li's arrival breathes fresh life into a tired franchise formula -- but not enough to put Lethal Weapon 4 on equal footing with its predecessors.
Like a bomb triggered to go off, In Bloom builds in the viewer's gut, a drama coiled to attack.	This tense and naturalistic tale of Georgian youth in revolt offers a clever new twist on the tired teen movie.	This is a story of adolescence and female friendship under pressure, explored with a quietly engrossing combination of familiarity and strangeness.	The performances are naturalistic and severe, especially the highly volatile families, where shouting matches are almost traumatising to hear and to watch. But ... the film ends without having said enough to satisfy us	As arthouse coming-of-age films go, this is brilliant -- smart and sensitive with a screw-you feminist streak.	A coming-of-age drama entwined with a political statement, In Bloom underscores its well-worn themes with strong performances and palpable real-world tension.
Tim Robbins' New Deal theatrical fable tries hard -- too hard.	In his enthusiasm to both educate and entertain, Robbins has grossly overreached his abilities to formulate a digestible narrative, piling on stories, characters, issues and political debate such that the film begins to feel incomprehensibly and oppressiv	Marvelous, provocative entertainment.	You'll be hard-pressed to find a film as bloated and self-important as Tim Robbins' Cradle Will Rock, easily one of the worst movies in recent memory.	If you've got some time to kill and have seen everything else, put this on your list."	Witty and provocative.
Its purpose is to present us with a situation, explore the people involved and show us a man who is dealing with his own deep hurts.	Very few films offer a moral grandeur, as well as a political foundation; very few films have such poised and brilliant performances from unknown actors.	This is a good movie about teaching, but more importantly, a good movie about the loss of a loved one and how to cope with death.	Thankfully, the impressive cast of child actors actually behave like children, not like miniature adults.	Perceptive and humanistic, Monsieur Lazhar unfolds in a world that recognizes and embraces complexity and duality, and isn't dishonest about the piecemeal way in which emotional centeredness is often achieved.	Monsieur Lahzar is a tender and thoughtful portrait of a man with hidden grief and also a compelling exploration of the teacher-student dynamic.
Where it succeeds is as the story of a chapter in history, the story of how one coach at one school arrived at an obvious conclusion and acted on it, and helped open college sports in the South to generations of African Americans.	Where was Stephen A. Smith when you needed him?	Glory Road doesn't live up to its title, but it plays a good game.	Well-made, well-acted and even well-directed.	the fact that this one's a little muddled, a little messy, often works in its favor.	As formulaic as sports movies get, this underdog story still triumphs on the strength of its inspiring story.
It's actually frequently hilarious, but you can't help feel a bit disappointed by the outcome.	In the end it just felt like we were being told one long joke but were never given the punchline.	Dodgeball works mainly because it's full of colorful characters who are a real hoot to watch as they stumble their way through the movie.	The most satisfying comedy of the past year -- at least among the ones starring Stiller.	More often than not, DodgeBall slings its visual and verbal humor with rapid-fire, spot-on aim without fouling.	Proudly profane and splendidly silly, Dodgeball is a worthy spiritual successor to the goofball comedies of the 1980s.
Mystery Men isn't just clever - it's genuinely funny, as well!	Crafty, witty.	This bunch achieves peaks of sublime nuttiness.	For all the name actors and elaborate scenery, Kinka Usher's film is amateurish.	Hugely entertaining -- especially for those with a thing for superheroes.	Absurd characters and quirky gags are brought to life by a talented cast, providing this superhero spoof with lots of laughs.
There's enough ambition for a miniseries here, and satellite viewers already have the rather terrific Dexter. Stuffed into two hours, it's all a bit of a pile-up.	There are flashes of near-greatness here, and the moments of dramatic power and aura of moral ambiguity set it apart from just about every other movie out there this season.	The movie is a missed opportunity. It has all the ingredients of a delightfully twisted, sleek little thriller. But with all that extra padding, Mr. Brooks is just one bloated mess.	Yes, it's true that before the end the fatigue meter was registering pretty strongly, but if someone had tried to remove me from the theatre I would have put up a fight.	Mr. Brooks is a curious mix of the campy and the intelligent, of high concept and low psychology. In spite of these contradictions, or perhaps because of them, it works.	The setup is intriguing, but Mr. Brooks overstuffs itself with twists and subplots, becoming more preposterous as it goes along.
Disguises itself as a romance, but it's really a loving homage to Japanese history, as well as a comment on the nature of filmmaking and films.	The movie's outer spectacle works better than its story.	The animation may not be as breathtaking as we have seen in other anime movies, but what it lacks in visual style it makes up for with a good story.	A striking achievement.	Insofar as the movie recreates Japanese film history, it's as a means of exploring history more generally.	The story of an aging movie actress' complicated personal saga unfolds in this sophisticated anime film that deftly blurs memory and make-believe into a meditation on the nature of cinema itself.
Adaptation es una historia que mezcla de manera sublime el mundo real con el ficticio, las películas con los libros y los alter ego con la vida misma.	. . .its exploration of ambition, loneliness and passion is amongst the most emotionally resonant in many years.	Mr. Cage and Mr. Jonze share a casual, daredevil sensibility, and the two of them -- or should I say the three of them? -- pull off one of the most amazing technical stunts in recent film history.	So, in a nutshell: it wants to be profound. It isn't.	Probably the most creative and noncommercial screenplay to be embraced by a Hollywood studio in years.	Dizzyingly original, the loopy, multi-layered Adaptation is both funny and thought-provoking.
It quickly dawns as to why Jeon won so many awards for this performance...	Even as the film piles awkwardness and suffering upon its character, it never feels exploitative or emotionally manipulative, maintaining a restrained tone entirely devoid of melodrama.	A compelling and poignant Koran film about a besieged widow's journey into the far country of forgiveness.	An uncompromising experiment in how much suffering a soul can take, both on screen and in one's cinema seat.	Perfect for those wishing to enjoy a nice traumatizing time at the movies.	Plumbing the depths of tragedy without succuming to melodrama, Chang-dong Lee's Secret Sunshine is a grueling, albeit moving, piece of beautifully acted cinema.
The film boasts the most sustained passages of virtuoso slapstick genius Keaton ever shot, and an unflagging momentum that lets it get away with being a reel longer than most of his best-known pictures.	This is by no means so good as Mr. Keaton's previous efforts.	Sure, it's got that cornball '20's dialogue and plays the underdog Confederacy as the heroes, but it's a truly fantastic piece of cinema.	Vastly overrated; moderately charming but I think I laughed once.	Keaton's genius has never found more perfect expression.	Brilliantly filmed and fueled with classic physical comedy, The General captures Buster Keaton at his timeless best.
Though made half a century ago, this film remains a seminal sci-fi and a defining moment in the genre's history as well as in the visual treatment of fear of atomic bomb.	...remains a cut above the majority of its campy '50s brethren...	Made at the time as a plead for international peace, its message should still ring true today where the world picture is more complex and, in many ways, more splintered and dangerous.	Edmund H North's intelligent script and Wise's smooth direction are serious without being solemn, while Bernard Herrmann's effectively alien-sounding score reinforces the atmosphere of strangeness and potential menace.	From beginning to end, The Day the Earth Stood Still is a lot of fun.	Socially minded yet entertaining, The Day the Earth Stood Still imparts its moral of peace and understanding without didacticism.
We can't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring, since it is exactly what it wants to be: an atrociously, mind-numbingly, indescribably bad movie. Unfortunately, we'd prefer a simple misfire.	...an early favorite on 2002 top ten "worst" lists. I think I laughed. Once. Maybe not.	The movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane, carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh.	It's not that Kung Pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves, without all Oedekerk's impish augmentation.	Must be seen to be believed.	A short sketch's worth of jokes stretched into a full-length feature.
The movie over-blurs the line between plain and plaintive. It's not necessarily craziness you crave, it's inflection; it's need, if not from the characters then from the filmmaking.	Feels lopsided in its focus on Erik, with Paul remaining a strangely remote object of the former's romantic devotion.	A poignant case study in the changing contours of gay life.	What makes Keep the Lights On more interesting than your average addiction story is the subtle suggestion that Erik's dependence on Paul and his messes is just as debilitating as Paul's taste for drugs.	Director-cowriter Sachs takes an unusually intimate look at a 10-year relationship in this beautifully shot and performed New York drama.	Keep the Lights On is a mysterious, sexy journey deep into the love affair of two men that always manages to stay true to life.
It has the quiet beauty of a late afternoon, late in the autumn, when New York seems to be not just the center of the world but the crystallization of its finest tendencies.	Slightly too understated, but also thoroughly involving.	Every time we leave his world -- full of mortality, and artistry and that seductive student -- to re-enter his daughter's, the film falters a little. And bit by bit, the tension fades, like a manuscript left in the sun.	It would be easy to pass by Starting Out in the Evening through any one of a number of possible snap judgments -- too New York-y, too low-budget, too digital -- but you'd also be missing out on three of the best performances of the year.	The early scenes are electric with sexual tension, smart dialogue, and terrific performances - especially Ambrose's.	Starting Out in the Evening features sharp dialogue and moving performances from the talented Frank Langella and Lili Taylor.
It hits all the cheap little notes of viewer manipulation that Hollywood hacks rely on to wring tears from the dramatically challenged suckers in the crowd.	Audacious and astonishing, devastating and detached, Lars von Trier's Dancer in the Dark has the ability to amaze and anger its audience, quite often in the same moment.	An exhilarating and emotional musical drama which once again pushes the limits of modern film-making.	This may be a musical, but don't expect a good time; it's a grim tragedy that's deliberately drab and exceedingly painful to watch.	This is one special film and in some ways fantastic. -- also INTERVIEW w/BJORK	Dancer in Dark can be grim, dull, and difficult to watch, but even so, it has a powerful and moving performance from Bjork and is something quite new and visionary.
See this film for uniformly excellent performances and a beguiling aesthetic, but approach with caution if Manhattan-era Woody Allen drives you up the wall.	While Baumbach may not have written Roger Greenberg as his most unlikable character yet, as played by Ben Stiller that's exactly what he becomes.	The movie has the curious vagueness of intent that makes so many "meaningful" works of fiction not all that meaningful.	Greenberg is a nasty neurotic. Florence is a passive victim. If you're looking for someone to identify with -- well, pray you don't find one here.	A film of powerful, memorable moments -- some striking dialogue, some great performances, a handful of beautifully played, bracingly discomfiting love scenes -- in search of a structure and, perhaps, a soul.	Greenberg's title character is harder to like than most, but Ben Stiller's nuanced performance and a darkly funny script help take the misanthropic edge off.
Audience empathy for the displaced Redlichs, coupled with the filmmaker's proffered charms of wise natives and their mysterious rituals, goes a long way toward making this lyrical travelogue a crowd pleaser.	The acting is excellent.	A lovely film with a deeply humane perspective.	Terrific performances all around, especially from young Kurka, who avoids the usual traps of child acting to contribute a characterization of unusual depth.	A well-acted, exquisitely photographed, plot-jammed movie that sinks into melodrama and reveals too little about the African culture and landscape in which it's set.	A visually lovely epic with compelling, three-dimensional characters.
He's running California and he agreed to make THIS...	And one wonders why Sinbad hasn't made any movies since	Ahnold terminates the holiday spirit.	OK family fun casts Arnold with Sinbad.	The overall effect is disquieting - too simplistic for an adult comedy and too angry for a children's movie.	Arnold Schwarzenegger tries his best, but Jingle All the Way suffers from an uneven tone, shifting wildly from a would-be satire on materialism to an antic, slapstick yuk-fest.
Gervasi misses a few beats that would elevate this from enjoyable to resonant, but he's the only filmmaker for the job	Besides being hysterically funny it's also an emotional story of two men who find their passion in life and stick with it.	Presents likeable characters, puts them in tough situations, and illuminates their souls with humor and sincerity. It just so happens that the two men who populate this story used to wear leather S&M gear onstage and play guitars with dildos.	A truly uplifting 80 minutes of film, you owe it to yourselves to check out The Story of Anvil, and you then owe it to the band to buy their albums and help put them back where they belong - at the summit of mount metal.	It's an affectionate portrait of performers starving for applause, achingly funny as only real life can be.	A touching, uplifting and inspirational rockumentary about an aging metal band, both hilarious and heart-warming in equal measure.
All we're given is a lukewarm mystery where frustrating plot holes give way to lackulster conclusions, and even the most furious CGI snowstorms can't obscure the film's telegraphed "twist."	Okay, it's far from the best murder mystery you've ever seen, but I still can't help but liking this throwaway thriller. The ending was no surprise. Paul Chambers, CNN.	Depicts how a woman U.S. marshal at a frigid station in Antarctica is tested on many levels by a murder case.	Has a perfunctory, by-the-numbers approach to its story and its characters.	Absurdities are to be expected in "genre" filmmaking, but disbelief can only be suspended so far.	Kate Beckinsale is as lovely as ever, and does her best with the material, but moribund pacing and an uninspired plot leave Whiteout in the cold.
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World becomes a fatal case of flash over substance. Pretty great flash, though.	Edgar Wright is cinema's most inspired mash-up artist, and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World may be his finest hybridization to date, a romantic comedy recast as a męlée-heavy video game.	Scott Pilgrim vs The World is a mash up of pop culture from the past 40 years that's wound up in a tight package and set to detonate.	Scott Pilgrim vs the World could well become a cultural touchstone for the Tetris generation.	As a piece of action/comedy filmmaking with plenty of retro winks, Wright can put another feather in his cap.	Its script may not be as dazzling as its eye-popping visuals, but Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is fast, funny, and inventive.
A decent, well-put-together romantic drama to hold hands to on the weekend.	Tries to squeeze in a few too many plot elements into too short a time.	Though the movie suffers from cornball plot twists and clunky dialogue here and there, it stays true to itself... an admirable trait.	I like Stiles and Thomas together. I did not like the movie in which they found themselves stuck.	The core of the movie is a disarmingly shameless lift from half the dance movies ever made.	This teen romance flick feels like a predictable rehashing of other movies.
It's like the silly, superhero-loving kids goofing off in the back of the classroom looked at The Avengers and X-Men and declared, "Hey, how hard can it be to save the world? Let's do it too!"	"Guardians of the Galaxy" is pop film-making at its purest.	Once touted as their riskiest film to date, it is artistically and politically as conservative a film as Marvel Studios has ever made.	Not since Han Solo and Chewbacca hit the galaxy has there been as much raucous energy and sheer fun as in this blast of a sci-fi fantasy involving a daredevil adventurer and a mysterious orb	Gunn manages to thread abrupt violence and casual malice into the huge expanses of the outright comedy and fine sarcasm of Guardians. And most of the meanness is funny.	Guardians of the Galaxy is just as irreverent as fans of the frequently zany Marvel comic would expect -- as well as funny, thrilling, full of heart, and packed with visual splendor.
La cinta de Branagh evitó rescatar momentos cumbres y optó por dar fuerza al guión original.	Branagh's version moved me, entertained me and made me feel for the first time at home in that doomed royal court.	Fine version of one of The Bard's best plays.	Not since Akira Kurosawa's Ran (a Japanese King Lear) has there been such an energetic, visually exciting presentation of a Shakespearean play.	The film equivalent of a lushly illustrated coffee-table book.	Kenneth Branagh's sprawling, finely textured adaptation of Shakespeare's masterpiece lives up to its source material, using strong performances and a sharp cinematic focus to create a powerfully resonant film that wastes none of its 246 minutes.
A ROYAL pain. It made me squirm instead of laugh.	The kind of movie that seems likely to inspire argument as to which is the choicest bit.	Quirky extended-family story with dry adult humor.	Narrated by Alec Baldwin in a way that makes you think that Anderson must have seen Amelie, The Royal Tenenbaums is, if not a hilarious art-house comedy, certainly a very amusing one that is well outside the limits of the usual, formulaic studio comedy.	Energetic dark comedy with a touching role by Gene Hackman as a father seeking redemption from his family.	The Royal Tenenbaums is a delightful adult comedy with many quirks and a sense of poignancy. Many critics especially praised Hackman's performance.
John Leguizamo wastes a terrific performance on a gangster drama that would be unwatchable without him.	Depois de capturar a imaginaзгo do espectador com um inнcio envolvente e promissor, a histуria se perde de forma irremediбvel, desperdiзando o imenso potencial de seus dois primeiros atos.	A witless, unoriginal mishmash of gangsta-drama clichés.	A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales.	It's not a bad plot; but, unfortunately, the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from.	In terms of the gangster genre, Empire's story is yet another tired retread.
No one has ever accused Ghostbusters II of being a great film, or even a good one, for that matter	Effectively slimed everyone's fond memories of the original.	Frankly, Murray, Sigourney Weaver and even Aykroyd deserve much better.	You want more.	Even the special effects are more to the point of the comedy than they were in the first film. For some reason, this appears to leave more room for the sort of random funny business that Mr. Murray and his friends do best.	Thanks to the cast, Ghostbusters 2 is reasonably amusing, but it lacks the charm, wit, and energy of its predecessor.
Bukowski would be better served by a critical examination of his life, one which gets past the sentimental façade of an artist who played the roué to keep from tasting the bitterness (as Stephen Crane once put it) of his own heart.	An amazing, worthy journey.	Documents the quick-tempered writer's meandering journey from miserable childhood through hardscrabble adulthood to comfy late-life acclaim.	As a thorough examination of what made this boozing, brawling womanizer tick, Born Into This can't be beat.	a loving tribute to a writer, his craft and, above all, the idea of living and dying by one's own creed	A thoroughly engrossing documentary examining the life of talented but troubled writer Charles Bukowski.
Sometimes dry, sometimes wacky, but surprisingly compelling throughout.	It's so disappointing for the director of Rosemary's Baby to have to stoop to something as desperate as pyrotechnics and nudity.	Compulsively watchable.	A lengthy exposition, a meandering plot, and overattenuated dialogue. Warts and all, Polanski is back.	...it ultimately does go without saying that Polanski's fans will find more to embrace here than his detractors.	Even though the film is stylish and atmospheric, critics say The Ninth Gate meanders aimlessly and is often ludicrous. And despite the advertising, there's hardly any chills.
Violent comic book movie with lingerie costumes.	You only have to endure this package to miss Uma Thurman, and realize how superior is Tarantino's fleet hipster wit and kinetic showmanship.	Call me squeamish, but this is my problem with Elektra, the Punisher and similar characters: Killers make lousy heroes.	In another film, the slice-and-dice action scenes would have had me reaching for my thesaurus. But I liked this movie. Go figure.	Elektra, who has a troubled past like several of Marvel Comics' superheros, is a challenge for filmmakers. While I respect their efforts, I can't recommend the result.	Jennifer Garner inhabits her role with earnest gusto, but Elektra's tone deaf script is too self-serious and bereft of intelligent dialogue to provide engaging thrills.
Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.	A lovely, loopy modern-day 'Brief Encounter' that has the wisdom not to push too hard or linger too long.	Sofia Coppola's accomplished sophomore work is a personal, melancholy film, based on her own experience, and benefiting from strong chemistry between Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.	Very much a mood piece, the film's deft balance of humor and poignancy makes it both a pleasurable and melancholy experience.	Baubles of humor, gorgeous shots of the city and sparse use of dialogue relay the warm tale, as Johansson and Murray gracefully embrace the concept.	Effectively balancing humor and subtle pathos, Sofia Coppola crafts a moving, melancholy story that serves as a showcase for both Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.
Cult-phenom amateur melodrama best left to adults.	If you like bad films performed by those without talent, films like Ed Wood Jr. cranked out, then this one will do the trick.	The Room, has been maligned as one of the most inept movies ever made when in fact it is a sardonic comedy about sexual politics in the age of terror.	In the dynasty of dung, among the many pretenders to the best worst movie throne, Tommy Wiseau and his oddly named tragedy truly earns their rotten rep.	Watching The Room is like crossing over to a counterfactual universe where the rules of film grammar and screenwriting have been written by Dan Brown.	A bona fide classic of midnight cinema, Tommy Wiseau's misguided masterpiece subverts the rules of filmmaking with a boundless enthusiasm that renders such mundanities as acting, screenwriting, and cinematography utterly irrelevant. You will never see a football the same way again.
Cropsey continues what's been a welcome trend this year toward documentaries with strong, surprising narratives.	With tinkling thriller music and dramatic voiceover narration, this modest but engrossing first-person documentary comes on like a true crime caper.	Nothing is answered definitively here. But if there's a real Cropsey to be found, it may be Staten Island itself.	As intriguing as it is downright eerie.	As disturbing as the expertly paced Cropsey is, it's not some schlocky spookfest. It's a well-produced and well-researched bit of investigative journalism.	Riveting and bone-chillingly creepy, Cropsey manages to be one of the best documentaries and one of the best horror movies of the year.
The movie's great moments come when it admires the finished sushi... Gelb's camera savors it in such a way that we can almost taste it.	Gelb's documentary about Jiro is beautiful, thoughtful and engrossing, drawing a portrait of a man who has turned an often slipshod craft into fine art.	It's torture to watch Jiro Dreams of Sushi -- if you are on an empty stomach.	I can imagine that if you are a sushi lover, then you'll be drooling over the delicious looking scenery, and it maybe even convince you to make a trip to Japan just to try some of the food.	I really wish Tokyo were closer.	Beautiful, thoughtful, and engrossing, Jiro Dreams of Sushi should prove satisfying even for filmgoers who don't care for the cuisine.
Initial segments have a boisterous blend of dynamic graphics, intriguing plot premises and sly wit that unfortunately slide gradually downhill.	This is simply exploitation on a very juvenile level.	It's a mixed bag, but successful in a mindless, adolescent way.	Fantasies that are gratuitously sexist and Fascist (macho whoring and warmongering), and whose roots reach all the way back to post-hippie paranoia, feed the tangled plot-lines of a movie that... should disappoint even the teenage wet-dreamers.	A wildly sophomoric and stupid cartoon celebrating gore, rape and bad music.	It's sexist, juvenile, and dated, but Heavy Metal makes up for its flaws with eye-popping animation and a classic, smartly used soundtrack.
An admittedly by-the-numbers affair, but garners some hearty and unexpected laughs through the machinations of its premise.	Basically harmless and grudgingly funny.	By the standards of knucklehead swill, The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny.	It's nice to have something so outrageously silly to lighten things up.	The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl.	The Hot Chick's one-note concept gets stretched thin, and a lot of the jokes fall flat.
In trying to create a feminist icon out of a decidedly Victorian character (just look at her name), the movie loses sight of the actual story it came to tell.	Casting Mulligan in this role might seem like a curious choice. But her character combines the smarts, spunk and a sly sexuality that is difficult to ignore. And she is eminently likeable.	Carey Mulligan captures the effervescent determination of Thomas Hardy's literary heroine in this onscreen adaptation.	Extremely well done and well acted, it's an attractive, appealing, involving adaptation, just not as iconic as the '60s film.	Brilliant counter programming to the impending onslaught of superheroes and excessive noise in the multiplex is this vigorous, melodramatic re-imagining of rural Victorian England.	Far from the Madding Crowd invites tough comparisons to Thomas Hardy's classic novel -- and its previous adaptation -- but stands on its own thanks to strong direction and a talented cast.
It's one thing to invent a vigilante drama as darkly perfect as this, it's another to capture it as it actually unfolds.	Cartel Land is a brilliantly exposed snapshot of a hugely complicated situation.	Director Matthew Heineman's camera shows the cost of lawlessness and the power - and institutional powerlessness - of the people.	Lacks the necessary perspicacity, objectivity and trenchancy.	Some documentaries are about answers. Others are about questions. "Cartel Land" is about the hazy territory in between ...	Raw, brutal, and bitter, Cartel Land offers a ground-level look at vigilante efforts to thwart organized crime at the Mexican-American border.
Actress-turned-filmmaker Joey Lauren Adams's cookie-cutter contribution to Sundance-style cinema.	The film has a worn, live-in feel, and its unhurried narrative captures the subtle rhythms of small-town life. Nothing much happens on the surface, but worlds of hope, hurt and determination lie right behind the characters' eyes, waiting to be discovered.	The script is somewhat predictable and the pace is leisurely, but Ms. Judd makes Lucy's choices seem momentous, and Ms. Adams gives us several beautiful scenes.	A low-key, country-inflected drama with a striking lead performance by Ashley Judd	Judd surely deserves the lion's share of kudos for the movie's success...	A quiet but moving film anchored by the unexpected depth of Ashley Judd's performance.
It's not very good as a film, but there's no denying its stunning animation, particularly in the service of its two daffiest new characters Will (voice of Brad Pitt) and Bill the Krill (voice of Matt Damon), and its sheer lunacy can be invigorating.	Preaches acceptance but requires assimilation. You dance or you die. Join the party, swim with the swarm.	Technically accomplished and otherwise uninspired sequel to the 2006 CGI hit about a dancing penguin in Antarctica.	This cheap knockoff has the same energy & spirit of exuberance, but the flimsy story is not as strong as its predecessor. The movie suffers from cliché-ridden dialogue after exhilarating highs from a string of big musical numbers featuring...	If not for a few, new additions to the cast and an oddly effective, overarching theme of existentialism, Happy Feet Two would be a wholly dismissible sequel.	The animation is as eye-popping as ever, but Happy Feet Two's narrative is too noisily incoherent to recapture the Oscar-winning charm of its predecessor.
Eileen's emotional and moral difficulties, even including her too melodramatic visit with the mistress, pulse with a kind of believable pain.	The whole enterprise is too low-key, too diffident to really make an impression.	The film is written, directed and enacted with palpable intelligence. But intelligence can seem dull if unleavened by wit or excitement.	Good performances almost make it worthwhile.	Compelling performances and a manipulation of the narrative keep Clearing unclear, which keeps us interested.	Though it has an excellent cast, this emotionally detached movie is the kind that one admires more than enjoys.
The rest of the film hasn't aged nearly as well as Hunt's fun performance...	A curiously languid affair, rather than the breathless Costa-Gavras-style thriller which was the least one might have expected from this kind of material.	Outstanding political thriller -- and plenty hot, to boot	With director Peter Weir applying the lighter fluid, Mel Gibson and Sigourney Weaver ignite with a chemistry that goes ... into the realm of star quality	A young Mel Gibson anchors a fascinating look at the life of a journalist looking for the great war-era news story.	Both a smart, suspenseful tale of intrigue and a sweeping romance, The Year of Living Dangerously features excellent performances from Mel Gibson and Sigourney Weaver as a pair of journalists covering political unrest in Indonesia.
For the beleaguered Disney Animation unit, Meet the Robinsons is indeed a step forward, a step in the right direction.	A breath of fresh air after 2006's "The Wild" and 2005's "Chicken Little."	3-D is an acquired taste I've never acquired, but the success of Robinsons isn't contingent on effects, but on wit and emotion.	Strikes the right notes as a fast-paced comedy, a touching but not saccharine slice-of-life, and a valuable learning tool for children.	A rock-solid piece of animated sci-fi comedy that'll tickle the kids, amuse the parents, and leave everyone walking out of the theater on a sweet little flick-buzz.	Meet the Robinsons is a visually impressive children's animated film marked by a story of considerable depth.
André Téchiné is a master at taking life experiences and stripping them of sentimentality, leaving us with only the bare-bones honesty of relationships and desire.	It becomes a movie about figuring out how to live a full life, and The Witnesses is necessarily a bittersweet one, since so many people who came of age in the '80s never had a chance.	Best when it turns from bed-hopping into a docudrama, but its effort to personalize the AIDS crisis is not emotionally convincing as the characters lose their individuality.	In The Witnesses, [director] Techine levels his gaze on the '80s, an era of seeming innocence, perhaps license, and one in which biological freedom has led to a loose, even sloppily knit fabric of humanity.	Téchiné proves he remains one of the foremost chroniclers of French life and human relationships in general with his haunting new drama Les Témoins (The Witnesses).	French director André Téchiné successfully weaves five gripping stories in an engaging and realistic film about the early days of the AIDS epidemic.
A palatable entertainment... rests on the strength of the principals	Black and Downey put a swell spin of wit into it and, in a time of superhero saturation, take a back seat to no one in reserving marquee space for their guy. Moreover, they leave you wanting more of the same, please.	After a while, the steady diet of tongue-in-cheek starts to taste monotonous as day-old gum.	Iron Man 3 has good things in it, enough to please the series' fans -- and yet too many drawbacks to win many converts.	Downey is in fine comic form, especially when he's sparring with young Simpkins, who thankfully throttles back on the precociousness.	With the help of its charismatic lead, some impressive action sequences, and even a few surprises, Iron Man 3 is a witty, entertaining adventure and a strong addition to the Marvel canon.
[It] raises interesting questions about what can happen in a democracy when its people are deeply corrupt. ... But likely to be more disheartened than enlightened.	If Dogville offered up a ham-fisted critique of 'America' from a plane-phobic Dane who's never visited the place, Manderlay ups the arrogance ante by bonking us on the head with supposedly searing 'truths' ...	A superior entry to "Dogville."	Even the basic look of the film -- it was filmed on a stage with every shot set against a bleak, dark backdrop -- underscores the filmmaker's position as master manipulator, in a laboratory, looking down at his mice running through his maze.	Some will see Manderlay as thought-provoking and representative of the way the rest of the world sees us. If that's the case, then we're really in trouble.	Manderlay may work better as a political statement than as a film, making its points at the expense of telling a compelling story.
Feuerzeig's kaleidoscopic film is the perfect frame for Daniel Johnston's odd world.	... an uncomfortably fascinating document of a man whose bipolar disorder and artistic ambitions are inextricably connected.	Occasionally slides into a breathless fan tribute, but nonetheless an affectionate and candid portrait of a troubled artist.	Might not convince you that Daniel Johnston is a great artist, but it does persuade you that he's a fascinating case study.	This stunningly powerful tale gets you in its grip and doesn't let go.	Whether you think this mentally ill cult musician is worthy of being called a "genius," this document of his life is crafted with sincere respect and is fascinating to watch.
If "The Past" is perhaps not the same level of masterwork as "A Separation," it's still the work of a master.	A thickly knotted and compelling tale, set in an unglamorous, working-class Paris, it churns with complex emotions, suspense, guilt, and regret.	A mesmerically assured piece of filmmaking, crammed with performances as raw as steak tartare.	The Past is a beautifully acted and cleverly constructed drama.	A morally complex mystery, without a detective to stand outside the drama and identify the one truly guilty party.	Beautifully written, sensitively directed, and powerfully acted, The Past serves as another compelling testament to Asghar Farhadi's gift for finely layered drama.
Scorsese is capable of making a fascinating psychological thriller, but this effort is sub-Tarantino, without the irony.	An empty-headed, grotesquely dissatisfying cinematic journey.	Much will be made of the movie's Sixth Sense-like twist ending, but a second viewing will reveal carefully constructed plot, characterization and performances.	Scorsese, and Paramount, appear to have simply thrown as much money at each scene as possible, which makes for some fancy sets, but delivers almost no atmosphere of the sort one would hope.	This is a long, heavy film, in which Scorsese's aerobic moviemaking turns mannered and uncharacteristically passive.	It may not rank with Scorsese's best work, but Shutter Island's gleefully unapologetic genre thrills represent the director at his most unrestrained.
Great Tom Clancy adaptation	If any film in Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan series stands out as the best (or even a truly great movie), it's The Hunt for Red October.	Clancy is known for writing difficult books, but the movie makes plausible a preposterous situation because of Baldwin's convincing, low-key approach to being a film hero.	Like the nuclear submarine it's named after, The Hunt for Red October is big, shiny, and expensive. But it's also hard, cold, and cumbersome, just when it's trying hardest to be likable and even friendly.	An exciting techno-suspense thriller with a hollow center.	Perfectly cast and packed with suspense, The Hunt for Red October is an old-fashioned submarine thriller with plenty of firepower to spare.
Laugh proof and choreographically blah.	High-concept comedy, bottom of the barrel execution.	Although technically a coming-of-age film, Kickin' It is, in every way, regressive.	If you were alive and watching TV during this decade, you'll find something to give you a smirk	The film itself seems lost in a time warp -- even its attitude toward the '80s is out of date considering the ongoing revival in music and fashion from that era.	Kickin' It Old Skool is one big unfunny pop culture reference that doesn't feature many laughs.
Blue Streak falls victim to bad cliches.	A lifeless farce!	A comedy without the laughs, and an action film with a non-existent level of excitement, Blue Streak is an obvious and misguided effort.	Most of the film is just Mr. Lawrence goofing around.	Unimaginative.	Martin Lawrence lends his comedic touch, but the movie isn't much more than standard action-comedy fare.
Melodramatic mush...there's not much worth jotting down in Notebook that would invite lovers of all ages to revel in the sugar-tooth cliches of this drowsy, drippy drama	The movie believes that Alzheimer's can take away everything but love. I don't know if that's true, but I don't see any harm in believing it is.	The movie's dragged down by a droopy male lead, narration that would sound saccharine in a bad airport paperback, music the filmmakers lean on like a car horn and an insulting, inconsistent approach to elderly dementia.	A sweet old-fashion love story that may inspire you to go home and start taking notes.	Garner and Rowlands are so effortlessly wonderful that they make The Notebook worth seeing.	It's hard not to admire its unabashed sentimentality, but The Notebook is too clumsily manipulative to rise above its melodramatic clichés.
Borrows liberally from such male-bonding classics as Robert Aldrich's The Dirty Dozen and Sam Peckinpah's The Wild Bunch, but offers not a whiff of the tragic fatalism and astute critique of machismo that inform those superior dramas.	Thick-necked and hollow-headed and weirdly affecting	If you are a connoisseur of the Steven Seagal flavor of direct-to-DVD action film, seeing all these guys up on screen actually is a lot of fun. It doesn't make it a good movie by any stretch of the imagination, but it's still a lot of fun.	We want to remember. We want to revel. We want to watch things explode. Stallone only understands one of these things. So yes, there will be explosions.	It's not particularly well made, but the patchiness only adds to the considerable goodwill and charm the movie carries.	It makes good on the old-school action it promises, but given all the talent on display, The Expendables should hit harder.
Mikkelsen is one of Europe's most respected actors, yet he's best known in the United States for playing evil characters... So it's interesting -- and rewarding -- to see what Mikkelsen can do as an innocent, well-meaning leading man.	The Hunt will have you balling up a fist and shedding a few tears as the tale unfolds, providing an exquisitely unpleasant conflict that's simply riveting to study.	Vinterberg uses a sharp cinematic knife to cut to the core of the matter: that the human heart can never be entirely civilized and, ultimately, each man is alone with his fate.	Mads Mikkelsen displays remarkable range as a subdued kindergarten teacher confronting sex-abuse charges in a small Danish town.	The cornerstone to The Hunt is the mesmerizing performance by Mikkelsen, whose portrayal of a Danish everyman's shattered descent into a horrifying nightmare is one of the most powerful performances I've seen in recent memory.	Anchored by Mads Mikkelsen's sympathetic performance, The Hunt asks difficult questions with the courage to pursue answers head on.
Director George Miller obscures Updike's original version with senseless special effects.	Something Wicked this way comes!	Jack Nicholson is at his mischievous best in this wildly entertaining battle of the sexes.	at the end of the day, it's just too obvious.	Superbly played horror-comedy; a delight	A wickedly funny tale of three witches and their duel with the Devil, fuelled by some delicious fantasy and arch comedic performances.
The target audience for Your Highness is at least four years too young to legally watch it.	The chief problem with Your Highness is its lack of imagination -- its misuse and overuse of language and visual riffs that are only marginally amusing at best.	Even as an amiably stupid laid-back comedy, Your Highness is unforgivably pointless.	Unwatchable -- and, thanks to its high-decibel action sequences, barely listenable -- this misbegotten medieval fantasy/stoner comedy marks a new low for David Gordon Green, once ranked among the most promising young filmmakers in America.	This is a film that wallows in a level of scatology so severe that the Farrelly Brothers might as well give up on the subgenre for good.	Big budgets and costumes in service of scatalogical jokes may seem funny on paper, but in execution this is a highly monotonous romp that registers only occasional laughs.
Not since "All the Presidents Men" has journalistic integrity been so entertainingly scrutinized.	While Sean Penn grabs the headlines for his emotive bluster in Mystic River,Peter Sarsgaard gives a brilliantly measured performance as editor Chuck Lane.	As an investigative drama, Shattered Glass doesn't break any new ground, but it smashes a lot of illusions.	Ray stages the film not as a mystery but as a case study in all-consuming denial and professional and psychological self-destruction.	Insanely undercuts exactly the characters we're most curious about, [and] scrupulously avoids the questions that are most pressing within the material.	A compelling look at Stephen Glass' fall from grace.
A very genuine film packed with smart observations about modern relationships.	If the movie's sweetly earnest resolution scene plays a bit too easily, we like the characters too much to object.	As artificial as a Hollywood rom.com... With a different cast, a bigger budget, and some punched-up dialogue, it might have been made by Judd Apatow.	Honest and free-spirited, this romantic comedy is filled with genuine and uncomfortable moments that can only come when a trio of talented actors ... are invited to make it up as they go along.	Lynn Shelton's follow-up to Humpday is an engagingly spiky, pleasingly unconventional comedy-drama with a strong script and a trio of terrific performances from its three leads.	Superbly acted and satisfyingly engaging, Your Sister's Sister subverts rom-com conventions with sensitive direction, an unconventional screenplay, and a big heart.
The movie plays its role in movie history, becoming one of the great box-office performers in the pre-Steven Spielberg and George Lucas days.	Despite the star power of Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable, Wind has lost some of its bluster, yet it survives as a glorious Technicolored window into America's dusty, bygone past.	The passionate saga of Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler, played out against the flaming red backdrop of the Civil War, generates enough romance, historic drama and deep emotion to fuel a dozen great films.	It's that rare film that has overshadowed its own hype.	Running to nearly four hours and boasting at least three directors, this epic American Civil War romantic drama is more of a symbol of the Hollywood studio system than a mere movie.	Filmed and presented on a scale not seen in modern productions, Gone with the Wind is, if not the definitive Hollywood film, then certainly near the top of the list.
One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.	Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.	One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves, so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow.	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.	A remarkable technical achievement, Metropolis' eye-popping visuals more than compensate for its relatively routine story.
Broad in its characterizations and message but subdued in presenting them through a complex plot.	There's sincerity in Gilroy's belief in man's aptitude for recognizing the error of his ways, as well as in his acknowledgement that realignments of one's moral compass often require great application.	The perfectly cast Clooney gives the term 'star vehicle' a good name.	In an accomplished directorial debut, Gilroy gives the film a shadowy, autumnal hue and combines image and sound in sometimes surprising and ingenious ways.	Clooney, for his part, allows his movie star looks to go flabby and soft (all things being relative, of course), and he buries the performance way down in his gut.	Michael Clayton is one of the most sharply scripted films of 2007, with an engrossing premise and faultless acting. Director Tony Gilroy succeeds not only in capturing the audience's attention, but holding it until the credits roll.
Even 25 years later Alien still can make us jump.	Even if you've seen it a hundred times, Alien can still make you jump out of your seat.	Alien is still a classic well worth a trip to the theater.	For reviewer Todd Gilchrist, puberty began in earnest when he witnessed Sigourney Weaver getting physical aboard a doomed spaceship.	The original has aged with surprising grace; despite the rise of digital video and home computers, this is still a convincing future.	Director Ridley Scott re-edits his 1979 sci-fi classic to produce an elegantly re-mastered film that is as terrifying and effective as ever.
[Burshtein's] subject is a woman's right to choose her spouse, and what a weighty, giddy, confusing, clarifying and, ultimately, sacred choice that is.	Using the advantage of personal familiarity with an insular religious community of Haredi Jews in Tel Aviv, Rama Burshtein has created a small jewel of a narrative.	[Burshtein] vividly depicts a clannish culture that is likely to feel foreign and perhaps off-putting to generations that came of age in a progressive post-feminist era.	Not exactly a Hasidic musical but close to it, the film delves into the complicated culture of Orthodox Jewish arranged marriages. And so to speak, a case of perhaps multiple choice matrimonial options managed in many ways by mom.	This is an extraordinary first film, nerve-tingling in its intensity, and assembled with a finesse and control even the great Austrian director Michael Haneke might envy.	Graceful, complex, and beautifully layered, Fill the Void offers a sympathetic portrait of an insulated culture by exploring universal themes.
Although pacing and rhythm of some scenes are wildly uneven, this is a respectable debut behind the camera and a smart independent comedy that needs strong marketing to find the kind of savvy audience willing to give this odd duck a fighting chance.	Fails as a comedy because it's less funny and interesting than it would be to watch stars Seann William Scott and John C. Reilly sitting in lawn chairs and talking for 90 minutes.	The Promotion does sacrifice some comedy in its attempt at depth.	Conrad has the humanity part down. Even if his little film is something of a mess, that counts for something.	The Promotion isn't very original but it is, more often than not, funny.	With a workplace-related theme worthy of satire, The Promotion features some sharp witticisms but ultimately disappoints.
Australian filmmaker Steve Jacobs also covers himself in glory here, addressing Coetzee's provocative prose with an insightful restraint that was nowhere to be seen in his directorial debut, La Spagnola.	A focused, absorbing meditation on race, class, history and sex.	a slight, crude metaphor for South Africa's shame.	I cannot tell a lie. I derive great satisfaction watching John Malkovich act.	The visionary gravity of J M Coetzee's Booker-winning novel is perhaps untranslatable to the screen, but Steve Jacobs's film is a very creditable try.	Featuring outstanding performances from John Malkovich and newcomer Jessica Haines, Disgrace is a disturbing, powerful drama.
"The Avengers" is both a culminator and a set-up for more, more, more.	Delivers big time with everything longtime fans and newcomers alike could possibly want in a summer blockbuster that definitely surpasses the hype.	The job here is to make the Big Bad go away and to save the genre from boredom. The good news is that these heroes won't rest until they've accomplished both. They happily work overtime for you.	... tremendous fun ...	the teams most important mission is to spit funny one-liners at the face of over-the-topness	Thanks to a script that ephasizes its heroes' humanity and a wealth of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers lives up to its hype and raises the bar for Marvel at the movies.
It's a forgettable film featuring a throw-away story with unmemorable characters and unremarkable performances.	At once exquisitely clever and devastatingly poignant.	A quirky, at times terrifically sweet and well-acted coming-of-age tale.	This is a movie where 'sensitivity' and 'sincerity' are signposted by songs by Paul Simon and Nick Drake, which I guess says it all.	[A] goofy, melancholy, seriocomic slice of life...	Delivering a quirky spin on familiar twentysomething tropes -- with a cannily-placed soundtrack -- Garden State has enough charm to mark a winning debut for first-time director Zach Braff.
All in all, the film is packed with energy and thrills, delivers many decent performances, an intelligible plot with some obvious holes, but does run on for about half and hour too long, and could get repetitive at some points.	O roteiro bem construнdo e a direзгo enйrgica de Scott conferem tensгo ao filme, que tambйm faz uma sйrie de bem-vindas alusхes a A Conversaзгo.	An exciting if often overheated thriller!	[Its] spirited action is balanced by an almost contemplative attitude toward surveillance phobias and the movie cliches they've spawned.	...it's the action, not the acting, that is the key to the movie's success, and that's where it excels with its constant momentum.	An entertaining, topical thriller that finds director Tony Scott on solid form and Will Smith confirming his action headliner status.
A movie that has a little bit of everything, and it's easily the best version of itself that could possibly be put together.	One of King Corman's finest pictures.	...a mindlessly entertaining, thoroughly campy piece of work...	Don't miss it.	Fun, fun, fun!	Death Race 2000 is a fun, campy classic, drawing genuine thrills from its mindless ultra-violence.
Michael Moore takes on U.S. Healthcare (or lack thereof) in this impassioned plea for change.	Like Al Gore's documentary hit, Moore cleverly prods us to consider and act upon some inconvenient truths.	Though his politics are unmistakably left, the documentarian's targets are almost exclusively the powerful and his work is fueled by optimism rather than cynicism.	While no rational person would believe Castro and Hillary are to be exalted, its medical horror stories are absolutely believable by anyone who's dealt with an HMO.	Michael Moore's intentions have always struck me as honest and legitimate, even when his filmmaking practices do not.	Driven by Michael Moore's sincere humanism, Sicko is a devastating, convincing, and very entertaining documentary about the state of America's health care.
A hard film to love, but a hypnotic meditation on all the elements - gossip, religion, bullying - that can turn a parish and country bad.	It is a striking-looking film, and Haneke expertly builds suspense. And yet it feels overlong and never generates the warmth needed to keep audiences involved.	The quintessential art film: slow, demanding, and rewarding for those willing to put forth the intellectual effort necessary to puzzle out its ambiguities.	Writer/director Michael Haneke has been exploring the darker effects of society on human behavior throughout his career and, with "The White Ribbon," he has made one of his most chilling and thought provoking films.	From the meticulous composition of his frames to the subtle sequencing of his scenes, Haneke is now at the height of his powers. This is a complete work of cinema, at once engaging and ingenious.	The White Ribbon effectively utilizes tension and a bleak atmosphere to deliver a thought-provoking examination of nascent fascism.
Meryl Streep is surprisingly awful in this movie...one of her very worst performances.	The movie works because the audience can identify with Jane's life, even if they can't identify with her kitchen.	It should have been titled, "Well, It's All Just Sort of Manufactured." The film is pat, it's predictable, we've seen revisions of its story countless times before--but that doesn't mean it isn't enjoyable, which it is.	Meyers' script is as bloated as her work on her past films ... But she has a cast of consummate professionals to dress this up and make it seem like more than it is.	click to read full review	Despite fine work by an appealing cast, It's Complicated is predictable romantic comedy fare, going for broad laughs instead of subtlety and nuance.
Complex, lucid and exciting, High Crimes strikes a near-perfect balance between plot and character.	Both Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman's performances are riveting.	High Crimes, an often pedestrian courtroom drama reteaming Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman, is like a symphony played on cell phones.	For all its surface frenzy, High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view, so little to offer.	The talented Carl Franklin is a realist, with a great feel for character details and plot nuances, but High Crimes needs realism like it needs a hole in Judd's perfectly coiffed head.	Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman make this predictable affair watchable.
Sheridan, who played the Terrence Malick surrogate in The Tree Of Life, is terrific at conveying adolescent confusion with tiny squints and frowns, and McConaughey plays off him masterfully.	The Southern-fried drama "Mud" is an electrifying example of what happens when you merge a crackerjack yarn with a very specific setting, and then pour on the heat with riveting performances.	I so wish I had the "Wrap It Up" box from Chappelle's Show, because if I could have hit it around the hour and forty five minute mark during Mud, it would have added another star onto my review.	Mud is the kind of small scale, character driven drama one rarely sees out of the States any more, and cements Nichols as one of his country's most significant independent auteurs.	Writer/director Jeff Nichols creates richly realized characters in a tale that moves like a cottonmouth viper, advancing slowly until it strikes with sudden violence.	Bolstered by a strong performance from Matthew McConaughey in the title role, Mud offers an engaging Southern drama that manages to stay sweet and heartwarming without being sappy.
It's their best work in a while and it's probably going to end up being the year's best movie.	No Country for Old Men is based on a novel by Cormac McCarthy, but it shows all the Coen strengths. One is a genuine interest in the way people work.	Bardem, as the man with the odd, long, bowl-cut/pageboy hair and a powerful air compressor that a lesser murderer might give a cute nickname to, is the single most chilling human being to inhabit a movie about death in Texas since Leatherface.	The decade's most overrated movie	Written almost exclusively in taut dialogue, the book already reads like a screenplay, and the Coen brothers have taken full advantage.	Bolstered by powerful lead performances from Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, and Tommy Lee Jones, No Country for Old Men finds the Coen brothers spinning cinematic gold out of Cormac McCarthy's grim, darkly funny novel.
It's not a perfect movie, but this hard-edged film ends up being fully engaging thanks to another powerful performance from McConaughey.	I have always been a huge fan of Matthew McConaughey even though many of his film roles have failed to showcase his considerable talent. But he finally comes of age with a sensational performance in his new film Dallas Buyers Club.	It's trying to explore a lot of angles and it does a good job, as opposed to a great job.	atthew McConaughey haters may finally have to admit defeat ... a jarring reminder of the universal reaction to AIDS in 1985. It also speaks to how far we've come.	The great thing about Dallas Buyers Club is that it proves someone can be kind of an ass and also a great man.	Dallas Buyers Club rests squarely on Matthew McConaughey's scrawny shoulders, and he carries the burden gracefully with what might be a career-best performance.
Even if you still find the premise funny, how long can you laugh at this same sorry routine?	There's nobody in the movie to care one whit about except Lawrence. Nobody else is interesting, funny or worth noting.	Lawrence has his moments, mostly when he's not dressed up as Big Momma; he's progressed to the point where he deserves a better vehicle than this. Long is wasted, appearing in only a handful of scenes.	Martin Lawrence continues to run around in a fatsuit impersonating a sassy obese grandma in order to take down criminals and slaver over beautiful women.	The mugging Lawrence steps out of character to promise that Big Momma will be back. Fine, but someone should hire writers next time.	Unfunny and unoriginal. In other words, a perfect piece of evidence for opponents of pointless movie sequels.
Age of Ultron can be a little unwieldy, but when it works, it works really well.	There seems to be a lot of pressure for Avengers: Age of Ultron to more than just a movie, which really hampers its ability to be a movie.	It would be silly to pretend that Avengers: Age of Ultron isn't good at what it does, that it's not proficient at delivering superhero thrills for those who crave them most.	It's hard not to admire how efficiently and enjoyably the myriad elements have been threaded together; Age of Ultron is a suitably well-oiled machine with an insatiable appetite for family friendly destruction.	The cast, OMG. There are more people crowded in here - either in major roles or in brilliant cameos (Andy Serkis, I'm looking at you) - than are at Walgreens' on prom night.	Exuberant and eye-popping, Avengers: Age of Ultron serves as an overstuffed but mostly satisfying sequel, reuniting its predecessor's unwieldy cast with a few new additions and a worthy foe.
Though there's enough to admire intellectually here, every "Jane Eyre" should also deliver some emotional swoons.	Fukunaga's superbly executed direction and careful staging speak very rarely, and yet say so much.	A chaste, yet inescapably sexy love story told with depth and passion.	The slow-boiling romance convinces thanks to Wasikowska and Fassbender's unwavering seriousness and commitment to selling the story. [Blu-ray]	Young stars shine in gritty, low-key version of the Bronte perennial.	Cary Fukunaga directs a fiery and elegant adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel, and Mia Wasikowska delivers possibly the best portrayal of the title character ever.
The Hurt Locker is an exciting and visceral work.	The decade's best fictional film about its real war, it's a unique perspective on the workplace high of delivering containment from chaos. Some people kick PowerPoint's ass. Sgt. 1st Class William James saves his by defusing bombs.	First female best director Oscar right here.	Bigelow's camera is impartial and dispassionate, but explosively powerful and unflinching. There is no commentary or judgment, just war and fatigue.	The script just isn't as serious as the subject matter.	A well-acted, intensely shot, action filled war epic, Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is thus far the best of the recent dramatizations of the Iraq War.
An aesthetic triumph ... that never fails to retain behavioral realism.	a hauntingly humanistic film	Majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast.	The faces of its inarticulate characters tell the story, and Majidi has put some amazing faces on the screen.	Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving, crippled children.	The lyrical Baran is a moving film, both for its love story and political underpinnings.
The film seems overlong and drawn out, with variations on the same joke occurring throughout.	sappy and unrealistic	It's a study of a fascinating shift in culture (the family's whole way of life changes, literally overnight) and a story of a son's powerful faith in his mother.	The mix of melancholy and possibility that Alex and his generation feel is made real, and moving.	The real story is how ideologies melt when it comes to affairs of the heart. In that way, the movie has an appeal that goes way beyond its country's borders.	Funny and poignant social critique of German reunification.
It's so pink this film. If you want a selection of wallpapers to choose from, this film has just about every single one. I think it's lovely.	True, it's soap opera plotting, but the story and characters are so sweet and compelling that only the hardest heart will fail to be won over.	'... the greatest strengths of director/writer Jacques Demy's masterpiece-developing well-rounded characters that stretch far beyond the lyrics and basic plot'	Catherine Deneuve won the Best Actress prize at Cannes, but the vocal performances of the entire ensemble are impeccable. Pure cinematic magic.	A truly unique and wonderful film from a director who stands apart in the French cinema canon.	Jacques Demy elevates the basic drama of everyday life into a soaring opera full of bittersweet passion and playful charm, featuring a timeless performance from Catherine Deneuve.
There hasn't been much lately for those who crave some brain power along with their effects-driven firepower. Now comes Looper, the time-travel tease from Rian Johnson that is an immensely fun yet thought-provoking ride.	[VIDEO ESSAY] As time-travel suspense thrillers go "Looper" is a pinch better than mediocre.	Boasts Rian Johnson's reverence for cinema past while taking genre movies into a promising future. Looper is that rare thriller that always stays ahead of its audience. You may feel like you need a time machine just to catch up to it.	Best stay focused and avoid a loo break!	The most robust pure sci-fi in years - tighter and more fun than even 'Inception', if not as dizzyingly ambitious in its engineering.	As thought-provoking as it is thrilling, Looper delivers an uncommonly smart, bravely original blend of futuristic sci-fi and good old-fashioned action.
Lively delivers every line with an arrogant remove, like someone just asked to kiss her hand. It might be the most sepia-toned performance I've ever seen.	An elegant, reflective piece of work that may not appeal to everybody - but if you're out on your first movie date, it may be just the thing to get you to first base.	A pleasant and undemanding romantic drama that takes great care not to upset you unduly with strong emotion or embarrassing passion.	Harrison Ford himself shows up and doesn't disappoint; although the third act of the film lost it's way a tad.	Warmly crafted, with a satisfactory sense of mystery, "The Age of Adaline" resembles a Harlequin novel, but offers more spirit than simple forbidden love escapism.	The Age of Adaline ruminates on mortality less compellingly than similarly themed films, but is set apart by memorable performances from Blake Lively and Harrison Ford.
Foul.	Not even Ferrell, spinning his comic wheels here, can save this vapid flick.	It does get the funk out ya face for 86 minutes.	Aside from Kicking & Screaming, this is probably Ferrell's weakest comedy to date.	Semi-Pro is a bad film, even by traditional Will Ferrell standards. The jokes constantly misfire, last too long, or try too hard to disgust.	Semi-Pro is an intermittently funny, half-hearted attempt at sports satire, and one of Will Ferrell's weaker cinematic efforts.
Though the filmmakers never really come close to realizing such lofty goals, they do succeed often enough to keep both children and adults satisfactorily diverted.	The big screen version is a charming and mostly delightful little piece of fluff that should keep kids entertained and parents relieved to find a decent family film the whole family can truly attend.	Mouse tale with heartwarming emotion and eye-popping effects is anything but cheesy.	A wonderful movie, one of the year's best live action family offerings and a great example of non-intrusive CGI.	Emotiva fábula acerca del valor de la familia	Critics say Stuart Little is charming with kids and adults for its humor and visual effects.
Don't waste your time.	As the body count continues to grow, along with the inevitable clues as to who the killer really is, it's hard not to feel angry that you've spent almost two hours watching this moronic exercise.	It's a tortuously rambling attempt at a slasher pic, throwing random scenes at us without purpose, reason or consequence.	To say that the new film is a step above its predecessor isn't saying much at all.	You're smarter than this, but occasionally it tricks you into thinking it might be up to something you haven't considered, like an above-average, extra-bloody episode of Scooby Doo.	This teen horror movie brings nothing new to an already exhausted genre. And it's bad. Really bad.
Trumps Hotel Rwanda in its you-are-there immediacy and unflinching gaze.	By dodging cultural and political specifics in favor of a thriller-lite framework Beyond the Gates ends up serving largely as a tribute to the virtues of hindsight.	Make sure you sit through the credits to learn about the victims who survived and worked on this film ---- extraordinary!	The movie does suggest that Joe's ignorance and sense of privilege, however honorable his intentions, make a dangerous combination.	This depressing if worthy drama can only really scratch the surface of a tragedy that remains unfathomable both for its savagery and for the sheer indifference of the outside world.	Complex, human characters and on-location shooting give Beyond the Gates palpable tension and urgency.
'Fast Food Nation' might have translated into a compelling documentary. Instead, Schlosser's research is used as a springboard into a sluggish fictional narrative that merely hints at the grim reality.	Rather like a fungus-based meat substitute, this film feels as though it's good for you, but actually there are few lasting benefits.	A dramatic movie that's engaging and provocative in a way a documentary couldn't be.	Naturally, a subject this right-on draws a right-on cast.	What's most frustrating about Fast Food Nation is how much it promises and how little it delivers.	Despite some fine performances and memorable scenes, Fast Food Nation is more effective as Eric Schlosser's eye-opening non-fiction book than as Richard Linklater's fictionalized, mostly punchless movie.
The film increasingly short-changes the personal for the sake of the political, despite powerful scenes and another impressive performance from Cillian Murphy.	Un crudo relato sobre el movimiento independentista irlandés que confirma a Ken Loach como cineasta comprometido con la historia reciente y las injusticias.	While this may be a historical piece, it's history told in the vivid present tense.	This account of the British-Irish conflict is too conventional as narrative and too detached as melodrama, resulting in a passable work that's inferior to Ken Loach's sronger political films	Oh brother, where art thou politically?	Bleak and uncompromising, but director Ken Loach brightens his film with gorgeous cinematography and tight pacing, and features a fine performance from Cillian Murphy.
Wonderland is a mixed bag, folding subtle, revelatory scenes into a meandering, melodramatic narrative.	A beautiful, surprisingly uplifting movie.	The whole is better than the sum of its parts: The outstanding music and convincing performances make me remember the film as being better than it actually was.	Wonderland feels contrived.	A film that should be seen.	A film that tackles something as simple as everyday life and succeeds beatifully. The witty script and clever direction keep the film flowing, while the superb acting keeps it alive. It doesn't aim for the sky and for that reason it hits its mark.
For once, the bigger the emotion, the truer the moviegoing experience.	...a powerful drama about secrets... At times it threatens to veer into soap opera, but the filmmakers and actors keep it true.	A deceptively unadorned movie that ends in huge, untidy and enormously satisfying emotions.	Evidently, this bloated piece of Oscar-nominated nonsense was a big hit in Denmark, which makes me think there's a glittering future in that otherwise discriminating country for several seasons of Days of Our Lives.	After The Wedding could be the cinematic equivalent of a Coldplay song. And while that isn't necessarily a slam, it isn't a recommendation either.	The cast brings After the Wedding's melodramatic script to life, creating a movie that is emotionally raw and satisfying.
The lightest, most forgettable item yet backed by Phoenix Pictures.	The geeky sidekicks in Whatever It Takes are no better or worse than those in a dozen other teen movies of recent vintage, but they get the job done.	Besides being strictly perfunctory, the movie is marked by its offhand sense of cruelty.	The mixture of puerile double entendres, vomit humor, dumb-blonde and dumb-jock jokes, and smarmy last-minute sentiment on display here is pretty much beyond endurance.	Whatever It Takes takes old tale, ruins it.	Whatever It Takes is another run-of-the-mill teeny-bopper romance flick. Cliche jokes and a tired plot capture few laughs.
Pritikin's shrewd comedy-drama catches a fine flock of family emotions on the wing, and not the over-exposed ones.	What could have been a biting dark comedy is, instead, uninspired and generic.	Has many of the qualities comedy movie fans have been missing in cinema today: charm, wit, romance and winning performances across the board.	It's a sweetly sad and sadly funny tale, conceived with quirky sensitivity, but, though its actors are adept, it only just hangs together, like a sitcom still in rehearsal stages.	An ultimate crowd-pleaser.	Dummy is a sweet family comedy that succeeds due to charming performances, even if the final product feels slightly undercooked.
Armed with an offbeat intelligence...Team America: World Police is a diabolically spunky punch to the political groin that takes no prisoners... doesn't miss a naughty beat	Although it can get a bit wearing on me to watch puppets, this is so well written and so tongue in cheek, that it was a pleasure.	The irreverent duo plays it surprisingly safe here.	There are plenty of laughs to be had in this.	Team America is an assault on good taste, but it is so relentlessly funny you'll not only welcome the attack, but come back for seconds and thirds.	Team America will either offend you or leave you in stitches. It'll probably do both.
Assassination offers enough in the way of performance (Sam Rockwell and Paul Schneider are particularly good in supporting roles) and mood to earn itself a place in the ranks of Jesse James stories.	The main problem of many is that writer-director Andrew Dominik doesn't know if he wants to deflate the outlaw myth or embellish it.	It is a broody psychological Western, a lot of peering out into endless prairie landscapes, as much Ingmar Bergman as John Ford, with a little bit of Heathcliff thrown in.	This is a masterpiece.	High quality production. The dialogue in this film sings with poetry, grit, spit, and the ring of rural America circa 1880's. Not an action picture, long with a relaxed pace.	On the strength of its two lead performances Assassination is an expertly crafted period piece, and an insightful look at one of the enduring figures of American lore.
It's all good scary fun.	The far superior of the two defining horror franchises of the '80s.	What's so clever about Craven's variation on teen-horror is what now seems so obvious about it: A Nightmare on Elm Street takes all of this fear of unmanageable desires and makes it explicitly, even bluntly Freudian.	An actual story, made by somebody who cared enough about his ideas to make them different and original.	One of the best all-out horror movies ever made.	Wes Craven's intelligent premise, combined with the horrifying visual appearance of Freddy Krueger, still causes nightmares to this day.
A wonderful horror film.	As kind to its audience as it is to its characters.	Perfectly captures the theme of teenage angst and the stylized visuals are reminiscent of '80s horror films. [Full review in Spanish]	An intricate piece of work that derives its significant scares out of sheer cinematic bravado.	One of the best horror films in years.	Smart, original, and above all terrifying, It Follows is the rare modern horror film that works on multiple levels -- and leaves a lingering sting.
Parker and Stone have given us scathing but optimistic savagery.	You can't get around it sometimes: a swear word is all that will do. This is one of those cases.	Far tauter, more a laser-guided contraption than the often scattershot episodes of the series.	Sadly, far too many viewers will be so engrossed (or grossed out) by the film's tasteless humour that they will miss the real important issues raised in this smart, if excessive, satire.	Manages to be both amazingly stupid and clever at the same time.	Its jokes are profoundly bold and rude but incredibly funny at the same time.
I don't know if the first zombie date flick is a step forward or backward for civilization as a whole, but I can say that "Warm Bodies" pulls off a pretty impressive trick: It has its "Twilight" and goofs on it too.	Featuring an inept use of on-the-nose music over an insipid narrative that poses as satire, "Warm Bodies" should be taught in film schools for its cornucopia of mistakes that filmmakers should avoid at all costs.	A canny reproach to the insufferable "Twilight" franchise, "Warm Bodies" is almost certainly the sweetest zombie movie ever made. Brain-munching and tender longing make a nice match.	...an erratic yet passable entry in the teen-romance genre.	Most disturbingly, defence against the dead people is guns; the fact that this is common silliness in zombie movies doesn't make it any better ... It reconfirms the gun-obsession that grips America; they even shoot dead people	Warm Bodies offers a sweet, well-acted spin on a genre that all too often lives down to its brain-dead protagonists.
I hope this the start of a long, good run of quality films for Witherspoon.	There's something about a cinematic road trip that circulates the juices, stirs the pheromones.	Wild is about the profound power of nature to provide space to reset yourself.	Witherspoon fully commits to Cheryl's pitiable ways and degrading herself to play them, stripped bare physically and emotionally. The Oscar winner has never been better.	There's nothing particularly wild about "Wild," a forward-plodding story of redemption that follows Reese Witherspoon's determined march toward a best actress Oscar nomination.	Powerfully moving and emotionally resonant, Wild finds director Jean-Marc Vallée and star Reese Witherspoon working at the peak of their respective powers.
Coogan and Brydon make a beautiful squabbling couple	A thin slice of a not-very-interesting nothing... The book they said was unfilmable turns out to be a film that is unwatchable.	"Tristram Shandy: A **** and Bull Story" is an amusing toss off that is full of tongue-in-cheek British humor for the film buffs.	If only literary theory could always be this fun.	A sly, delirious homage to the writers, producers, techies and thespians who assemble with the common mission of telling a tale, and then, many months and meltdowns later, move on to the next project -- and paycheck.	Though Laurence Sterne's novel was considered more or less impossible to successfully adapt to film, director Michael Winterbottom has done it in Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story, by making movie about the making of the movie. Stars Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon add madcap, knowing performances to the mix, and the result is a fun, postmodern romp, before there was any modern romp to post.
Memoirs of a Geisha is grand entertainment, telling its epic story in bold yet graceful terms without ever descending to melodrama or soap opera.	Memoirs of a Geisha isn't just drop-dead beautiful, it's cinematically alive with a spirited way that makes most contrivances forgivable.	A would-be cross between Showgirls and Raise the Red Lantern, too dumb to cause offense though falling short of the oblivious abandon that could have vaulted it into high camp.	Memoirs loses its taste for risk, and settles, throughout the movie's subsequent melodramatic turns, for the familiar blandishments of good looks and technical control.	[G]ives you a real feeling of what it must have been like in old Japan, especially with all the pretty paper lanterns hanging around, and the beautiful kimonos the girls all wear.	Less nuanced than its source material, Memoirs of a Geisha may be a lavish production, but it still carries the simplistic air of a soap opera.
There's such a hollowness and lack of conviction within this new film's veneer of a story that it's impossible not to find your distracted thoughts bouncing around chaotically.	The design of the visuals here reflects the huge advances in computer graphics over the last three decades: The landscapes and objects are beautiful and vastly more detailed than in Tron.	It's a legacy of "TRON" that its sequel has to be as slow and dense, as humorless and emotionally sterile as its original.	The movie has plenty of action, but it is hampered by fits and starts. Dead spots, where characters simply stand around and spew expository dialogue, abound.	Tron: Legacy is an exciting and beautiful film that I can guarantee will be considered a classic, just like the first.	Tron Legacy boasts dazzling visuals, but its human characters and story get lost amidst its state-of-the-art production design.
Even news junkies and former Enron employees might be startled by some of the corporate revelations that fill the screen.	This sober, informative chronicle of the biggest business scandal of the decade is almost indecently entertaining.	Taking an approach that owes more to Errol Morris than Michael Moore, Alex Gibney's film delivers a polished & well-researched look at America 's largest corporate bankruptcy.	Could lead viewers to head to the Marxist websites as a metaphoric hot shower.	Probing documentary about the unethical Enron corporation.	A concise, entertaining documentary about the spectacular failure of Enron.
... a sharp and topical critique of everything from the mortgage industry to the court system, and the struggle for middle-class folks to get a fair shake as their American dream turns into a nightmare.	Bahrani does an excellent job of taking the conflict and running with it - though simple issues in choices and approach prevent 99 Homes from being great.	Bahrani's latest film, "99 Homes," an examination of the crisis in bank foreclosures and repossessed homes in the guise of a thriller, is his best yet, largely because of a dynamite performance by co-star Michael Shannon ...	I wish I could say 99 Homes delivers a shockingly good sucker punch to the American electorate and a stand-up-and-cheer piece of socially conscious filmmaking, but it's not.	Absorbing, entertaining drama with an on-target message...	Fueled by powerful acting and a taut, patiently constructed narrative, 99 Homes is a modern economic parable whose righteous fury is matched by its intelligence and compassion.
As self-help comedy, the movie is no more overdetermined than its own highbrow counterpart, Happy-Go-Lucky.	has its entertaining moments to make you giggle, but part of me feels a little sorry for Carrey	Put bluntly, don't be afraid to say 'no' to Yes Man.	...a pleasant surprise: a romantic comedy that is cute, amiable, and winning without being excessively tedious, saccharine, or gross.	Don't expect much more out of this film than what you have seen in Liar, Liar.	Jim Carrey's comic convulsions are the only bright spots in this otherwise dim and predictable comedy.
Interesting, isn't it, that we wind up feeling sorry for a guy that caused so much havoc in the U.S.?	An extraordinary -- and unfathomable -- piece of whitewashing.	Smart, sexy, funny and dangerous, this high-wire act is a movie and a half.	Blow is funny, immediately and consistently engaging and -- save for its shallow conceptions and shallower portrayals of the female characters -- well done on almost every level.	This chilling, disturbing, coke-drenched caper gets under your skin in its assertion that there's simply no way to stop the importation of drugs into this country.	With elements that seem borrowed from movies like Goodfellas and Boogie Nights, Blow is pretty much been-there-done-that despite another excellent performance from Johnny Depp. It, also, becomes too sentimental at the end.
Hellboy II: The Golden Army hits just the right mixture of style, comedy, action, and character development. Here's hoping for a third installment.	a spectacularly vibrant, varied, detailed, freakish, magical, surreal and exciting universe for this sequel to Hellboy (2004)	Hellboy II, like the recent Chronicles of Narnia sequel, sacrifices story and character on the altar of action, effects and underwhelming creatures.	If anyone doubts that film is a visual medium par excellence, this will convince.	Hellboy II is all visuals. With little attempt to organically implement them into the plot, it's essentially nothing more than one awesome creature after another. And that's not necessarily a bad thing.	Guillermo del Toro crafts a stellar comic book sequel, boasting visuals that are as imaginative as the characters are endearing.
Can't decide whether it's a cautionary tale about gambling, a weepy father-son drama or a breezy rom-com.	...generally has the feel and tone of a low-key character study...	The cuts are obvious, the rhythms sluggish, and the dialogue redundant, as if the movie's afraid you've missed it the first time.	Duvall does wonders with his underwritten supporting part, bringing wit to the gaming table.	A 'realistic' Vegas movie that will set no-one's soul on fire, but is further proof that Hanson can lend his talents to any style of movie.	Lucky You tries to combine a romantic story with the high-stakes world of poker, but comes up with an empty hand.
A visually dazzling, intentionally polarizing examination of life and death, and the beauty and darkness hidden between.	If I have to choose between a movie that contains no ideas at all and one that tries to do too much, I'll pick the latter.	Daring in concept, occasionally daffy in execution and ultimately unforgettable, Mr. Malick's film offers a heartfelt answer to the question of where we humans belong- with each other, on this planet, bound by love.	A stunning masterpiece. Pitt is phenomenal and fearless, staying true to his character's flaws.	Some people have called the film pretentious, as if having a grand aim in making a film is somehow embarrassing. I was incredibly moved.	Terrence Malick's singularly deliberate style may prove unrewarding for some, but for patient viewers, Tree of Life is an emotional as well as visual treat.
Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games.	It's a dizzyingly entertaining thrill-ride, complete with a pleasantly surprising amount of humor and self-parody.	[A] spectacular extreme sports extravaganza.	For a film about action, Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever, bogging down in a barrage of hype.	Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes, skateboards, and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen.	Taking full advantage of the large IMAX screen, Ultimate X is a thrill ride for extreme sports junkies and novices alike.
The story isn't perfectly proportioned ... but it gets quirkier at the points where most romantic comedies go limp.	For a high-flown fantasy, it's surprisingly down-to-Earth.	A quirky little film that delves deeply into our preconceived notions of reality and closely held myths of love.	The leads smooth over the plot holes endemic to all 4D fables, making the movie more than mere déjŕ vu.	Starts off really well, progresses at an enjoyable pace, and falters a little about 2/3 of the way through.	Happy Accidents has enough quirkiness and charm to rise above the more formulaic entries in the romantic comedy genre.
1 Plexiglas ball sporting 1 hamster was fine for Disney's Bolt. Along comes Bruckheimer -- now it's 3 Plexiglas balls with 4 hamsters, er, guinea pigs, and 1 Transformer. Seems he's hell bent on excess.	It's more fun than it should be.	The plot lurches joylessly from A to B, while the bored-sounding voice cast - Nicolas Cage, Penélope Cruz, Sam Rockwell - might have delivered their dialogue down a phone line.	If what you need is a 90-minute baby sitter, or something that will put a smile on your kid's face, you could do worse than G-Force, but don't expect to be blown away yourself.	Guided by the principle that action movies have become generic that anybody can be plugged into the hero role and the results would be no different than if Arnold Schwarzenegger or Bruce Willis was the star.	G-Force features manic action, but fails to come up with interesting characters or an inspired plot.
Flits between handsome neo-noir pastiche and ripe psychological melodrama.	One of the wonderful things about 20,000 Days on Earth is how it explores that lengthy creative process without apologizing for a single moment of expression.	This innovative study of Nick Cave playfully disguises itself as fiction while more than fulfilling the requirements of a biographical documentary.	As poetic and downright weird as the snake-hipped icon at its center, 20,000 Days On Earth is a messy and endlessly fascinating look at one of music's great wild men.	It may not be an access-all-areas portrayal of one of rock's most enigmatic characters, but then, where would be the fun in that?	Revealing yet respectful, 20,000 Days on Earth is essential viewing for any Nick Cave fan.
The dazzling ensemble perfectly captures every nuance in one of the finest acting showcases you could hope for.	What impressively begins as a gentle social satire gradually becomes a conventional family melodrama, one that lacks a clear moral center and in which the parents are just as confused as their children	Adult hypocrisy and adolescent concupiscence in the suburbs is nothing new, but unlike the book, Lee and his actors overcome stereotype to find new humor and humanity in the premise.	A devastating film that will almost certainly leave you emotionally drained.	To be admired for its icy observations of suburban life.	Director Ang Lee revisits the ennui-laden decadence of 1970s suburban America with deft humor and gripping pathos.
Though its smaller story of a mother and son will elicit tears, Under the Same Moon is clear-eyed in its larger examination of the cycle of poverty that persists for immigrants on this side of the border.	The power of the mother-son bond is given tender-hearted treatment in Under The Same Moon, an impressive first feature from Mexican filmmaker Patricia Riggen.	Your enjoyment of this picaresque tearjerker may depend on how much you can tolerate its shameless contrivances and didactic social realism, whereby the story exists only to illustrate the plight of illegal aliens.	Directed, with visible earnestness, by Patricia Riggen, Under the Same Moon blunts the hard edges of immigration with a thick coating of preciousness.	Anyone looking for a deeper understanding of the immigrant experience won't find it in this disappointingly toothless drama.	If Under the Same Moon is often manipulative, it is also heartfelt, and features strong performances from its leads.
By the time a robot shows up in a graveyard to mow down the greater Philadelphia D.A. office, it'll take a heavenly force to keep most eyes from rolling.	While it probably doesn't hold up to much scrutiny, it's still a solid, entertaining thriller.	Parental Content Review	A movie with no use for logic, or realism, or basic rules of what is and is not possible within our world.	While preferably to the typical Saw entry by about a five-to-one ratio, Law Abiding Citizen still isn't any good.	Unnecessarily violent and unflinchingly absurd, Law Abiding Citizen is plagued by subpar acting and a story that defies reason.
[Kurosawa] has loaded his film with unusual and exciting physical incidents and made the whole thing graphic in a hard, realistic western style.	On a short list of the greatest films of all time.	A touchstone of grace and beauty: stirring, epic, and influential beyond measure.	The movie sucks you in so thoroughly you're actually pissed when you have to swap in a new disc during intermission.	It is clearly one of the most influential films ever made, and remains awe-inspiring even today.	Arguably Akira Kurosawa's masterpiece, The Seven Samurai is an epic adventure classic with an engrossing story, memorable characters, and stunning action sequences that make it one of the most influential films ever made.
Using the overpowering techniques of modern film, Steven Spielberg has cut through the glory-tinged gauze that shrouds World War II to reveal its brutal reality, creating a phenomenology of violence unsurpassed in the history of cinema.	The only thing surprising about Saving Private Ryan is how conventional it is. I fully expected a much more 'noir' vision of WWII along the lines of Oliver Stone's Platoon.	It is the battle scenes, which burn in your mind for days afterwards, that distinguish this film.	A soberly magnificent new war film.	Launches and climaxes with two of the greatest extended battle sequences ever put on film.	Anchored by another winning performance from Tom Hanks, Steven Spielberg's unflinchingly realistic war film virtually redefines the genre.
The arc and resolution don't feel nearly as absorbing and devastating as McEwan's masterful novel.	Provides for the most inspiring cinematic experience of the year.	...it's certainly worth noting that the movie packs a far more potent emotional punch than its literary forebearer.	The film is gorgeous to look at, well paced (especially during the first half), and by turns touching and sad. The ending packs an emotional punch, which is what one would expect from any movie developed from a McEwan novel.	Epic and occasionally heartbreaking but never as powerful or cohesive as it ought to be.	Atonement features strong performances, brilliant cinematography, and a unique score. Featuring deft performances from James MacAvoy and Keira Knightley, it's a successful adaptation of Ian McEwan's novel.
Peter and Bobby Farrelly are gross-out artists in transition.	We're left with a week of two guys not even trying to make the most of their freedom, and though that alone doesn't make for enough of a movie, in Hall Pass, that's all you're going to get.	I wouldn't necessarily call it a return to form, but after The Heartbreak Kid, they could have simply aimed the camera at the end result of Hall Pass' most scatological sequence, and it would be considered an improvement.	Sound stupid? It is.	...an unfunny, aggressively desperate, and flat-out boring comedy...	Some filmgoers may be surprised by the Farrellys' defense of traditional domestic values in Hall Pass -- unfortunately, they'll probably also be dismayed by the absence of laughs.
Talent and practice isn't enough to realize your dreams. To get on MTV, sometimes you gotta shoot somebody.	What's missing in this self-proclaimed story of redemption, though, is something other than a fairy-tale finale. It's the sense that the filmmaker understands the consequences of exploiting women even if his protagonist doesn't.	Exhibits an undeniable confidence that permeates its every aspect.	Terence Howard has the unique pathos that made John Travolta a star in "Saturday Night Fever."	As the film's anti-hero hero, though, Howard never compromises at all.	Hustle & Flow is gritty and redemptive, with a profound sense of place and exciting music.
This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.	A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.	Sheer technical virtuosity aside, where Miyzaki succeeds most enduringly is in his willingness to grant audiences their most basic intellectual due.	Redubbed for American release, this handsome, stirring movie looks and feels spectacular with its incredible watercolors of forest landscapes, its giant and intelligent wild animals and its ancient, epic mythology.	Princess Mononoke's greatest feat is in crafting a story that could've been so easily simple, but manages to be more morally complex than even the most epic live-action films.	With its epic story and breathtaking visuals, Princess Mononoke is a landmark in the world of animation.
You don't have to love the book(s) to love this movie.	A mixed bag, crammed with many inspired bits but never coalescing as a whole.	"Mostly Unnecessary."	Galaxy Quest succeeded by its story as much as by its stars and effects. Hitchhiker's feels more like a string of skits linked by awkward transitions.	On the grand scale of adaptations, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy falls...closer to Lord of the Rings than it does The Shining, or I, Robot.	A frantic and occasional funny adaptation of Douglas Adams' novel. However, it may have those unfamiliar with the source material scratching their heads.
The Great Escape is one of those rare movies that warrants a recommendation despite being tremendously overlong.	Boasting an all-star cast, headed by a terrific Steve McQueen, Great Escape is one of the greatest, most enjoyable WWII adventures Hollywood has made.	This is one of the all-time great war movies, a PoW adventure from director John Sturges that celebrates the indomitable spirit of the Allied forces even when their backs were to the wall.	This is a Boys' Own Tale, and, as boys, we wanted it, cleansed of horrors, for ourselves.	Each group of characters get their own riveting planning sequences, all skillfully told. This is one "heist" film where knowing the details of how the escape is supposed to go down before it happens only strengthens the suspense further.	With its impeccably slow-building story and a cast for the ages, The Great Escape is an all-time action classic.
The good news about this historical vaudeville is that Orlando's consciousness, like his/her gender, is a delightful work-in-progress.	Tilda Swinton's performance as Orlando in this adaptation of Virginia Woolf's novel is luminous and thrilling, an omnisexual romp through 400 years of history.	Suffocatingly beautiful, Orlando is a precious trifle whose literary pedigree intimidated audiences into ignoring its sublime silliness.	Sly and sumptuous.	This ravishing and witty spectacle invades the mind through eyes that are dazzled without ever being anesthetized.	Orlando can't match its visual delights with equally hefty narrative -- but it's so much fun to watch that it doesn't need to.
The acting across the board is excellent and this group of four Oscar-winning actors substantially elevate the level of the material.	The points made are good ones, even if you wish they could work them in a more subtle way. At the very least, it's a hopeful take on a troubling issue, with a genuine belief in old-fashioned Americana values as the key to survival.	has a stinging sense of immediacy and a strong sense of narrative momentum that keeps the multiple stories in balance, as well as judiciously managing sympathy for characters who are usually seen as villains during economic hard times	Wells may strain one's sympathy by giving his narrative over to wealthy, white-collar men, but he also acutely renders the shame and frustration of capable, hardworking people suddenly forced to reassess their earning potential and aspirations in life.	We haven't seen an end to the real-life drama after two years. Don't insult us by trying to give us one in two hours.	It might be hard for most viewers to identify with The Company Men's well-heeled protagonists, but writer/director John Wells uses their plight to make universally resonant points -- and gets the most out of his excellent cast.
The Departed is nothing short of brilliant -- complicated, ambiguous and ambitious, executed with a virtuosity shared only by a handful of other American filmmakers.	Plausible psychological scrutiny loses out to shot after shot of brains being splattered. And boy, do you get a lot of brains for your buck. It's just a shame they're all on the walls and not in the script.	The most amazing acting in The Departed comes from Mark Wahlberg, who completely transforms himself into the angry police sergeant he portrays.	Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.	Martin Scorsese is a master director in every sense of the word and with the help of his ensemble has made a masterpiece of modern cinema, complete with a triple climax ending.	Featuring outstanding work from an excellent cast that includes Jack Nicholson, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Matt Damon, The Departed is a thoroughly engrossing gangster drama with the gritty authenticity and soupy morality that has infused director Martin Scorsese's past triumphs.
Kids will love it while adults will find it un-bear-able!	"Yogi Bear" lacks even the zinging toddler anarchy of the "Alvin and the Chipmunks" movies.	More painful than the average bear attack.	I couldn't help wishing the evil government types would get their act together, demolish the park and rid the world of any habitat that could spawn such an awful bastard.	Like a steady, throbbing ache that, after 75 minutes, you realize was your nerve endings' collective scream at your numbed-off brain to flee this awkward hybrid of animation and live-action. The humans are even more cartoonish than 'your a-ver-age bear.'	Yogi Bear's 3D effects and all-star voice cast are cold comfort for its aggressively mediocre screenplay.
Ozon finds women aesthetically pleasing, but has no desire to get close.	It's a whodunit in stilettos, where the stilettos are dangerous, sharp objects handled without care by women on the edge of a murderous breakdown.	One of the year's most beguiling films...it has the fizz of fine champagne and delivers a wonderful kick.	For all the tumultuous entrances and flouncing exits, the eight principals manage maybe three laughs among them.	The movie finds a spiritedness in its characters so likeable that it's nearly impossible to take the misogynist conclusion seriously.	Featuring some of the best French actresses working today, 8 Women is frothy, delirious, over-the-top fun.
Propulsive action fare for romantic comedy escapists.	The pairing of attractive movie stars usually translates into box office gold. This globetrotting action adventure is proof that too many cooks spoil the broth. The glaring red flag is that...	For every female who's ever been infatuated with Tom Cruise... here's your love letter. Did this go wrong in the editing room, or was it always this bad of an idea?	The exciting "Knight And Day" is a blast that stays in Cruise control.	Cruise, extravagantly tousled and cowlicked, resembles an action-man doll having a big hair day.	It's pure formula, but thanks to its breezy pace and a pair of charming performances from Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz, Knight and Day offers some agreeably middle-of-the-road summer action.
[Moodysson] sets up characters and situations more to get across a point of view than to move along a story.	The movie needs twenty more minutes, five fewer subplots, and a compass.	It's a joyful movie (how can a movie with an ABBA sing-along not be?), but there's sadness too, since communes aren't spoken of much anymore.	The movie knows how to have fun with this strange way of thinking and still make it seem human.	A sad, funny, always good-natured film.	Managing to be both satirical and warm-hearted in its look at the inhabitants of a commune, Together successfully captures the spirit of a time.
So awful it hits the bottom of the bad-o-meter and bounces back up to be sort of good. I haven't laughed this hard in a while. Of course it was in all the wrong spots and mixed with an underlying groan.	Now I know how all those people felt 21 years ago when The Pirate Movie came out. This will make all the 12-year-old fans in the audience want to take up smoking, drinking, impregnating and aborting.	What's depressing about From Justin to Kelly, whose title seems to refer to the text messages he sends her, is that it's been made without a lick of love, skill, or, apparently, money.	The movie is billed as a romantic musical comedy. You coulda fooled me.	From Justin to Kelly [is] completely awful.	A notorious stinker, From Justin To Kelly features banal songs, a witless plot, and non-existent chemistry between its American Idol-sanctioned leads.
Moderately engaging.	The film is littered with such snide indictments of the entire consumer-merchant Pokemon relationship that you'll never 'catch 'em all' with your youngster in quite the same way again.	A clichéd collection of mystical gobbledy-gook.	Just another plastic accessory in the wildly popular world of Pokemon.	Dumb, hypocritical, and a complete waste of time.	Despite being somewhat more exciting than the previous film, this kiddy flick still lacks any real adventure or excitement. What is does contain is choppy animation and poor voice acting. Doesn't match up to virtually anything out there.
A monster weighted by the same human blemishes and stains that prevented us from caring when it might have mattered.	Stevie is a depressing account of the ways in which violence perpetuates more violence, and a somber portrait of a family's (and health care system's) failure to give a young child the love and stability he so desperately needed.	A fascinating case study...the leisurely, almost rambling approach that James has adopted eventually pays dividends.	Stevie has nothing to say about uninteresting people.	A remarkable and profoundly sad experience.	Poignant documentary that's hard to forget.
I'm pretty much ready to declare it will sweep the Oscars, cure cancer and repeal Arizona's SB 1070.	One of the biggest problems overall, besides the lack of comedy, was the lack of story.	It's a surprise vehicle for Ferrell, his character's unfashionable spectacles glinting, seemingly with joy, as he discovers some new fact winking at him, embedded in the lit screen of his monitor.	Not all of the gags pan out, but when they do they get more than a few chuckles.	disjointed and inconsistent	A clever parody of cop-buddy action-comedies, The Other Guys delivers several impressive action set pieces and lots of big laughs, thanks to the assured comic chemistry between Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg.
"The Patience Stone" is essentially a monologue, and Atiq Rahimi (directing the adaptation of his own novel) doesn't have what it takes to make the story more dynamic.	There's only so much anyone can do with a conceit that amounts to a movie-length speech delivered to a coma patient.	A luminous central performance from Golshifteh Farahani distinguishes an ambitious if somewhat monotonously wordy adaptation of a prize-winning best-seller.	While Atiq Rahimi's film may peel away the many layers of its female lead like an onion, the end result is still just an onion.	By turns mysterious, moving, shocking and explicit - and very different from the kind of opaque and quietist cinema we might expect.	It may prove frustratingly slow for some viewers, but more contemplative filmgoers will find themselves rewarded by The Patience Stone's quietly fierce storytelling, as well as a searing starring turn from Golshifteh Farahani.
An inspiring, and occasionally horrifying, documentary.	Burma VJ -- for video journalist -- is filmmaking at its most fearless, with [director] Ostergaard creating a suspenseful, harrowing account of his original key subject, known only as 'Joshua.'	It's guerilla film-making of amazing courage.	Burma VJ would be even more intense without its early announcement that some scenes have been restaged, putting the viewer in a regrettably uncertain relationship to what follows.	the footage, with the picture jumping as frenetically as the protesters being filmed, brings home as nothing else quite can the energy and the danger of the events depicted	A powerfully visceral docu-drama highlighting the evils of censorship and the essential need for freedom of speech.
With the possible exception of the action sequences and the very occasionally imaginative set design, it's awful.	Much blood. Much mud. Not enough camp.	There is no teller here. Its scenes are full of darkness. Its words have the sound of madness shouted in the wind.	You're either caught between nothing happening for long scenes of beautiful vista watching, or things happen and are never followed up on.	It neither follows a trend nor sets one.	Atmospheric, great sets and costumes, but thin plot.
Watching it again after not seeing it for many years, I was also struck by how much of a debt novelist-screenwriter Donn Pearce ('Cool Hand Luke') owes to Jones.	Admittedly, it may be more of a guy's idea of a romantic film than a woman's. But it has a taut script and a letter-perfect cast.	Out of From Here to Eternity, a novel whose anger and compassion stirred a postwar reading public as few such works have, Columbia and a company of sensitive hands have forged a film almost as towering and persuasive as its source.	So clear-eyed and three-dimensional that it makes the recent Pearl Harbor look like a bunch of kids playing dress up.	Despite sliding into melodrama a bit too often, From Here to Eternity remains a decent film due to the strong performances of its Oscar-nominated cast.	It has perhaps aged poorly, but this languidly paced WWII romance remains an iconic, well-acted film, featuring particularly strong performances from Burt Lancaster and Montgomery Clift.
Never let it be said that Armageddon errs on the side of subtlety	It's loud, full of computer effects, and sort of annoying.	Not long into Armageddon's two-and-a-half-hour length I found myself thinking, "Let the planet go -- nothing is worth this aggravation."	In the end, the script is probably the only true thing that I felt was lacking.	Why did I enjoy a film that has numerous plot holes, too many explosions, and the IQ of a house plant?	Lovely to look at but about as intelligent as the asteroid that serves as the movie's antagonist, Armageddon slickly sums up the cinematic legacies of producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Michael Bay.
An artistic triumph whose stunning simplicity conveys an entire world of moral complexity and human pain.	Anyone with trouble sleeping should trot along to this boring Polish drama about a young nun (Agata Trzebuchowska) who discovers some dark secrets in her family.	A black & white Polish film about a nun in the 1960s exploring her family origins is about as tough as art-house pitches come. Yet, Ida has a remarkable lightness of touch and focus of vision making it impossible not to widely recommend.	A film that stirs emotions and begs us never to forget that the biggest atrocities can have the most intimate of outcomes.	The film is both delicate and unforgettable.	Empathetically written, splendidly acted, and beautifully photographed, Ida finds director Pawel Pawlikowski revisiting his roots to powerful effect.
The chills are genuine. And there's something very rewarding about sitting through a new version of a movie any film buff knows by heart.	Apart from a contemporary setting, nothing about Disturbia gives it an advantage over Rear Window.	Rear Window meets the iTunes era in fun, slick suspense pic.	The inherent predictability of this formula would be a letdown if not for efficient storytelling, and a great sense of what makes for good suspense without resorting to graphic gore.	Ultimately seems like something of a missed opportunity.	Aside from its clichéd resolution, Disturbia is a tense, subtle thriller with a noteworthy performance from Shia LaBeouf.
Crude unfolds like a pretty good legal thriller. Which, when you really think about it, is what this documentary feature is.	...a better balance of the human element against that of politics and courtrooms would have given the film a stronger emotional hook.	It's impossible to watch this film and not come away with a personal vow never to patronize the Chevron corporation again.	Another interesting film from Joe Berlinger	The Ecuadorians' fight continues, and their courage isn't to be doubted. Even the much-mocked, much-maligned campaigner Trudie Styler emerges with credit for supporting them.	Dynamic, tightly arranged, and deliberately provocative, Joe Berlinger's Crude is a sobering, enraging wake-up call.
Even generally sympathetic adults may eventually find their minds wandering, if only because of the characters' continual, annoying hopping; being vegetables, they have no legs, you see.	It's got its heart in the right place, but it also wilts after awhile.	The gags are often a stitch.	When the movie concentrates on Jonah's story, it is sweet and good fun.	Bouncy animation and catchy songs keep the film from tasting too much like spinach.	Jonah teaches wholesome messages to children in a funny, bouncy package.
Things are pushed over the top rather successfully, but breaking momentum is a pretty big mistake for movie that wants to wow us with ruthless efficiency.	This is a drive-in movie supreme, a suspense saga with several wicked shocks and at least as many hearty laughs.	Like going to a fun fear.	Satisfyingly spooky, if not entirely original.	Premium entertainment of the genre variety.	A well-constructed B-movie thriller, Joy Ride keeps up the necessary level of tension and chills. Critics also liked Zahn's performance as the goofball older brother.
...makes the sport seem about as much fun as having your toenails ripped off one by one.	Dogtown slides into melodrama. Skateboard pic pales next to documentary.	The movie works so long as it stays on wheels, but turns pretty flat-footed whenever it hits the ground.	...a thoroughly dull piece of work.	Stacy Peralta, this is your life. Again. And again.	Lords of Dogtown, while slickly made and edited, lacks the depth and entertaining value of the far superior documentary on the same subject, Dogtown and Z-Boys.
Magic Mike XXL misses the opportunity to redeem male stripping and ends with something in the vein of the Sex and The City sequel. [Full review in Spanish]	If anything, better than its predecessor: looser, funnier, stranger, and vastly more subversive, a buddy road comedy that unexpectedly evolves into a celebration of female desire.	So much of the movie feels like leftover unused vignettes from its predecessor strung together to feature length and tossed out for public consumption. It's like your favorite band got together one more time, and then spent the tour playing B-sides.	"Magic Mike XXL" is essentially a loose but well-honed add-on pack.	Magic Mike XXL made me want to be a male stripper.	Magic Mike XXL has enough narrative thrust and beefy charm to deliver another helping of well-oiled entertainment, even if this sequel isn't quite as pleasurable as its predecessor.
Steven Soderbergh is usually an inspired chameleon, perfectly suiting his style to his content. But The Good German is an ambitious miss.	A beautifully flawed experiment, "The Good German" is an entertaining if unbalanced war drama that places modern cinema mores on a classic style of American film when the Hayes code would never have allowed such overt sexual reality.	If Stalin had walked around the corner and given George Clooney a high five, I wouldn't have been the least bit surprised.	It's a close call about which is worse, the acting of Blanchett and Clooney, the directing of Soderbergh, the writing of Attanasio, or the cinematography of Andrews.	t's no secret that Steven Soderbergh is in love with film noir thrillers of the 1940s, but to use that style with "The Good German" proves a disservice to both the craftsmen of 60 years ago and Joseph Kanon, whose novel the film is based on.	Though Steven Soderbergh succeeds in emulating the glossy look of 1940s noirs, The Good German ultimately ends up as a self-conscious exercise in style that forgets to develop compelling characters.
Its intentions aren't as clear as they should be, but it's clearly the work of a deep-thinking artist with a fearful concern for a future in which the nature of humanity is entirely uncertain.	Portentous and pretentious, Shell 2 crawls along like a machine on low batteries.	Occasional passages of shell-cracking egghead overload aside, there's no getting past Innocence's astounding visual power.	It looks absolutely sensational.	Innocence entertains, but it doesn't resonate.	The animation is lovely, but the plot is complex to the point of inscrutability, leaving Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence both original and numbing.
A wonderful, touching tale about growing up and making decisions.	De Niro proves to be just as much a force behind the camera as he does in front of it. A superb debut - a gripping movie.	Average effort.	A superb directorial debut by DeNiro, a work that rivals Goodfellas.	It's the moralistic tenor of A Bronx Tale that's ultimately most off-putting.	A Bronx Tale sets itself apart from other coming-of-age dramas thanks to a solid script, a terrific cast, and director Robert De Niro's sensitive work behind the camera.
How could one not admire a script that has one of the characters talk about her friend's 'turgid categorical imperative' without blinking an eye?	Watching Allen fart out a story when he has no characters is always painful.	The movie stumbles over itself while bringing fresh life to a number of issues.	A recurring sentiment is that romance is only possible in a love that hasn't been fulfilled. That may be true when you're talking about people, but not of Allen's best films, which never lose their thrill.	Is this the old Woody Allen, back on form? Well no.	A beguiling tragicomedy, Vicky Cristina Barcelona charms with beautiful views of the Spanish city and a marvelously well-matched cast.
A faithful re-creation altered to appease a modern audience's thirst for well-crafted gore.	The Xerox approach to the story causes it to add up to a huge 'So what?' by the film's end.	This one does a little bit better job of ratcheting up the tension than the first one, which at times seems a little humdrum for a horror flick.	Certainly, it's not the worst remake of all time, but it really is one of the more ridiculous, unnecessary, and gimmicky of them.	John Moore's The Omen is not as frightening as Richard Donner's 1976 version--Moore resorts to scare tactics rather than impending horror.	Even with the force of a "classic" behind it, remake fever can't hold up the hollowness of this style-drenched Omen.
Maybe Casper will be back with a better script next time. I'd like to see him again.	It's not clear why Steven Spielberg's Amblin decided to make a live-action entertainment starring the least interesting and most saccharine of all 50s cartoon characters.	The horror, the horror.	Great special effects. Unfortunately, they can't carry the movie alone.	By all standards of logic and reason, this film should be crap... and yet somehow, it succeeds in its modest goals.	A meandering, mindless family movie that frequently resorts to special effects and transparent sappiness.
Finally, someone has remembered how to remake a slick, bang-bang action movie.	Excellent a film as it may be, don't expect Shaft to be a deep, intellectual picture. The movie truly is a Hollywood popcorn flick.	It's a good movie, a competent movie, everything a big summer movie should be with its big star and shoot 'em up scenes and soundtrack that insists you buy it.	Shaft is a parody of itself but doesn't even realize it.	Despite a fairly intriguing first hour that captures the original film's leisurely pace and street-smart mood, what finally conks Shaft's afro is a third act that lacks a compelling, forward-moving plot.	With a charismatic lead, this new Shaft knows how to push the right buttons.
Swords, sorcerers, archery and mysticism rule in this big, silly popcorn adventure.	Leather and swords and British accents and gorgeous guys wielding them all can make a gal overlook a lot of badness in a flick. But not quite this much.	We've reached a sad point when everything in movies has to be masculine -- when it's considered weak (and uncommercial) to be soft and feminine.	Unless you're hooked on battle scenes, this film just isn't all that interesting.	Just as we're ready to write this film off as Bad Boys in tights -- or a dull, Earthbound cousin to Lord of the Rings -- director Fuqua and his team of production experts wow us with an eye-popping tableau or panorama.	The magic is gone, leaving a dreary, generic action movie.
The buildup is slow and deliberate, creating a vivid sense of love and warmth within the family who share the harrowing adventure.	It is consistently redeemed by its creator's dazzling sense of craft.	After a quarter-century, Poltergeist remains one of the most popular movies whose reputation rests almost exclusively on behind-the-scenes diversions.	Given the talents, Poltergeist is an annoying film because it could have been so much better.	Poltergeist (1982) is a memorable supernatural horror film from co-producer/co-writer Steven Spielberg and director Tobe Hopper..	Smartly filmed, tightly scripted, and -- most importantly -- consistently frightening, Poltergeist is a modern horror classic.
What Haneke has actually done is to satirize the complex relationship between the story and the audience. On that level it's a triumph.	Haneke's snooty admonishments are disturbing because they're never self-critical.	The film outstays its welcome and is more than a little too knowing in its manipulation of standard audience expectations for the genre.	A sort of Austrian art-house Cape Fear by way of the new Cinema of Cruelty.	Alternately infuriating and harrowing, Michael Haneke's Funny Games is a potent piece of shock cinema that thrives on making the audience uncomfortable.	Violent images and blunt audience provocation make up this nihilistic experiment from one of cinema's more difficult filmmakers.
Helped greatly by excellent performances from both of the film's leads, as well as the rounded supporting cast.	Edward Norton became an instant star after making a splashy, Oscar-nominated performance in this well-executed horror thriller.	Unfortunately, Primal Fear hasn't aged well; there are wrinkles and pockmarks all over its face.	The plot is engaging, the cast is exceptional, and Hoblit moves things along in commendably straightforward fashion. Very entertaining.	its heroes only heroes because they believe in order and not because they're capable of order's championing or restoration.	A straightforward, entertaining thriller with a crackerjack performance by Edward Norton.
Those with even the smallest speck of cynicism in their hearts will be wondering why the cruel fates lured them into this quagmire of syrup.	Whether viewed out of choice or preordainment, Serendipity probably won't disappoint many viewers.	So stringently a 'romantic comedy,' you could review it with a pie chart.	If the sight of people acting like they've got beanbags for brains makes you crazy, you will not enjoy Serendipity until you put your own thinking cap on ice.	This romantic confection has all the weight of a soap bubble, but it has all the sheen and charm of one, too.	Light and charming, Serendipity could benefit from less contrivances.
Sheer energy, a handful of good tunes (including a great theme song from the Four Tops), and some very funny one-liners save the day.	A gloriously unpretentious gem just waiting to be discovered. That the film hasn't yet received the full respect it deserves only adds to its charm.	Yup, it really is THAT bad. Hilariously bad, even.	Several performers from the original Grease return for the sequel, but not the important ones. Most conspicuously absent is John Travolta, replaced here by Maxwell Caulfield, who can't lift the original greaser's comb.	Grease is most emphatically not the word this summer.	Grease 2 is undeniably stocked with solid songs and well-choreographed dance sequences, but there's no getting around the fact that it's a blatant retread of its far more entertaining predecessor.
When the credits roll, one is left thinking less of the fate of the characters than of the rollcall of Sundance offerings this film resembles.	Aiming for a middle path between drama and comedy, "The Way Way Back" is so overloaded with jokes that it could sink in the water hazard, but on the final scorecard, sure enough, it's in the hole.	Overall, there is a sweetness to the film, most of it stemming from Liam James. He carries the film, zombie-like at first, but ably once his character comes slowly alive.	Despite committed and charming performances from the cast, The Way, Way Back is little more than a run-of-the-mill addition to the coming-of-age genre.	This is all seen through near-unknown James' eyes, and he makes Duncan a credible, even likeable 'hero' even while his inexpressive sullenness drives you mad.	Despite its familiar themes, The Way Way Back makes use of its talented cast, finely tuned script, and an abundance of charm to deliver a funny and satisfying coming-of-age story.
What this movie is about, and where it succeeds best, is the primordial level of fear.	You think of the excess that followed in Jaws' wake and realise how well judged that first blockbuster is.	To be fair to this film, and I can't see why I should be, it is an improvement on Peter Benchley's book.	One of the most effective thrillers ever made.	Perhaps the most perfectly constructed horror story in our time.	Compelling, well-crafted storytelling and a judicious sense of terror ensure Steven Spielberg's Jaws has remained a benchmark in the art of delivering modern blockbuster thrills.
For a man who loves the raucous, ebullient pop of the 1960s, Curtis's own output has been terribly, terminally square. This latest is a new low: The Film That Sucked.	An uplifting, frothy, sexy and often funny movie.	The music rocks, this movie doesn't. Never rises above the sitcom level complete with stock characters you might have seen on shows like WKRP. Too bad, because the classic pop tunes used in the film are among my very favorites. Paul Chambers, CNN.	It's extremely episodic, and while the individual episodes are often a lot of fun...one walks away with little but classic rock earworms.	Pirate Radio takes a great story -- the hugely popular offshore radio stations that illegally broadcast pop and rock in 1960s Britain -- and turns it into an aggressively irritating floating frat-party romp.	The good cast and rollicking soundtrack eventually drown when this comic homage to pirate radio loses its quippy steam.
a haunting, well-written and powerfully acted film, burdened only by its moral impotence and one irrefutably underwritten contrivance: Aruqette's character.	If movies like Bad Lieutenant and Spun are your idea of a good time, then DMX has the film for you.	[A] gritty film noir [about] a sleazy drug pusher looking for redemption, but who - in classic noir fashion - learns that there is no escaping paying for one's past sins.	Moody gangster-morality tale has an old-fashioned, mean-streets swagger and a charismatic lead in rapper DMX.	A pimped-up facsimile of David Goines' novel. I can't think of a more apt description of this misogynist and deeply flawed film noir.	DMX's menacing charisma is put to good use in this stylish but hackneyed modern-day noir.
It has a heart as good as Raymond's own, which is more than a lot of Hollywood movies can say for themselves at the moment.	In the history of the cinema, very few "odd couples" have complimented each other in the way that Cruise and Hoffman's do in Rain Man.	There is no story, no motor, and given the nature of the premise, nothing much can happen.	Rain Man's restraint is, finally, rather like Raymond's gabble. It discourages connections, keeping you out instead of drawing you in.	The best films are those that manage to generate emotion in their audience without ever feeling phony or melodramatic. Rain Man does exactly that.	This road-trip movie about an autistic savant and his callow brother is far from seamless, but Barry Levinson's direction is impressive, and strong performances from Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman add to its appeal.
A nutty film that boasts at times beautiful photography of some cheap but truly epic sets of PVC and everything that clings.	It's not a film that tries to break barriers or provide deep and meaningful commentary on the nature and meaning of life -- it's a film which sets out to entertain and does so with considerable panache. What more do you need to know?	Great production design and very little else.	It's fun in a 'What were they smoking?' kind of way.	A Flash Gordon-meets-Oz kitsch-fest stripping women's sexual revolution down to voyeuristic spectacle, flimsily dressed in cheap, see-through, psychedelic B-movie garb. Vadim imbues most scenes with a faux-arty lethargy that slumps into stiltedness.	Unevenly paced and thoroughly cheesy, Barbarella is nonetheless full of humor, entertaining visuals, and Jane Fonda's sex appeal.
Skews to fantasy over fact, but when it blinks at you with those puppy-dog eyes, just see if you don't sniffle.	JK Simmons takes center stage, clueless as to how to communicate with his son. And then there's the music, grabbing at us, taking us out of ourselves while pulling us in. Playing us, as it were -- but in a good way.	It's about the healing power of music ... and it's a moving father-son story that can't help but choke you up, if you let it.	The Music Never Stopped is often static and follows a familiar trajectory. Yet it has power, partly because Simmons does a fine job of showing how hurt Henry is that his taste didn't imprint on Gabe beyond grade school.	Sketchy and heavy on the treacle.	An involving, if sentimental and predictable family drama elevated by J.K. Simmons' sympathetic lead performance.
A gentle and accomplished slice of realism about the difficulty of finding domestic bliss anywhere, especially in a part of the world with a cultural heritage that seems to be fading from the country to the city.	Feels more like something from National Geographic than a feature film. For some, the lamb-birthing scene will be a steppe too far.	The film's pervasive (and downright aggressive) lack of plot undoubtedly exacerbates its problems...	The acting and story are solid, but the real star of Tulpan is the gorgeous, never-ending landscape -- flat and arid, and home to camels, goats and lambs, and hearty people who live in tentlike yurts.	A deliciously light touch characterises this dry, deadpan comedy set in the stark and sparsely inhabited steppes of Kazakhstan.	Kazakh sheep herders get their cinematic due in this lovely, unsentimental debut from director Sergei Dvortsevoy.
The premise is slightly intriguing, but the execution is blander than Josh Hartnett's screen presence.	... [T]he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires, with all pointy teeth, make for dull, screaming villains.	It's clear the film script has gone through the standard Hollywood death-of-a-thousand-rewrites wringer to emerge as shadow of its former self, drained of much of its creative synergy.	Fleshing out their minimalist story in a way that won't cause the blood to drain from fans' faces, it's one of the better recent efforts as both a comic adaptation and a fright flick.	[A] turd covered in tasty Ghirardelli chocolate - as soon as you sink your teeth in you know you've got mouthful of sweetened sh*t.	While 30 Days of Night offers a few thrills, it ultimately succumbs to erratic execution.
Broadway legend Elaine Stritch is the subject of the documentary "Elaine Stritch: Shoot Me" and, quite a bit of the time, she also tries to direct it.	Ever the trooper, [Stritch] grabs the audience's attention, which never wanes. There's not one diffident moment. Elaine Stritch: Shoot Me is the natural-born sequel to her stage show and just as revealing.	There's an impressive candor and depth to this documentary about the life and career of Stritch.	The movie acts as the quintessential celebration of a thoroughly distinctive character.	Stritch's fearlessness in the face of age and illness dominates; whether she's ribbing 30 Rock's "Alec 'Joan Crawford' Baldwin" or berating cinematographer Shane Signer - "Don't you think you're awfully close to me?!", her default setting is candid.	Brutally honest and utterly compelling, Elaine Stritch: Shoot Me offers a riveting, vanity-free portrait of its legendary subject while offering a few essential truths about the human condition.
One of the few films I regret seeing. But it definitely lives up to the title -- and gives viewers an ending we'll never forget.	For genre fans, Katz's film will go down as a punchy and absorbing diversion, but it's also an offer you can refuse to believe. A better film would have given you no choice.	class-conscious black comedy reveals the American dream to be both a gladiatorial bumfight and a dog's dinner.	I walked out of a screening feeling like I had just put my tongue on a 9-volt battery. In a good way.	Gross and bloody, but it has a jaunty air.	Gleefully nasty and darkly hilarious, Cheap Thrills lives down to its title in the best possible way.
Languid, sorrowful and strange, French filmmaker Céline Sciamma's debut as a feature writer-director is a sensitive and daring portrait of female adolescence that's curious about all longings, sexual confusions and grey areas of desire.	...a coming of age tale that is at once raw and beautiful.	Beautifully paced with an eerily-consistent tone	Borderline kiddie porn featuring sexual girl-on-girl garbage sniffing of one's favorite female object of desire, post-feminist burying instead of burning bras as female self-hatred, and gal pal how-to tips on deflowering your best friend.	A narrowly interesting story by French writer-director CĂ (C)line Sciamma about three girls whose lives are connected by synchronized swimming.	Water Lilies is a sharply-observed, provocative coming-of-age story that captures the anxieties of the early teen years.
There are not a lot of moments in documentary cinema that equal "Citizenfour."	It's so rare to see history documented as it's happening, and "Citizenfour" succeeds in humanizing the participants without diminishing the stakes of their endeavor.	Calm, yet enraging. Among the most frightening and important films of the year. It must be seen by all Americans for the sake of democracy. Every U.S. government official should undergo a mandatory mental health evaluation!	a hell of an eye opener, even given knowledge of its events. Poitras's documentary makes us feel the danger of government invasion.	In the end, there isn't that much to the movie apart from what Snowden has to say. Fortunately, that proves to be enough.	Part real-life thriller, part sobering examination of 21st century civil liberties, Citizenfour transcends ideology to offer riveting, must-see cinema.
...an awfully minor entry within Connery's 007 run.	There have been so many flamboyant imitations that the original looks like a copy.	A primetime Bond adventure plus the best Bond movie theme of all time.	Connery didn't want to play Bond anymore, and it shows in this forgettable picture.	A well-crafted installment in the Bond series.	With exotic locales, impressive special effects, and a worthy central villain, You Only Live Twice overcomes a messy and implausible story to deliver another memorable early Bond flick.
What Denis ends up with is a delicate psychological portrait in which his grim determination to be restrained and sensitive is the major feature.	A creaky staircase gothic.	An intelligent, moral shocker.	Dark and disturbing, yet compelling to watch.	The dreamy, almost poetic nature is entrancing.	A historical account that is equally disturbing and engrossing, with a powerful performance by Sylvie Testud.
Avoiding a precise beginning, middle and end, Cutie and the Boxer instead adopts a collage-like approach. Edited to accentuate the rhythms of the family's daily existence, the movie rests on small moments.	The portrait of a marriage in full, rife with compromises, misunderstandings, angry moments and tender scenes filled with the affection amassed over four decades.	Engaging, fly-on-the-wall documentary that paints an intriguing portrait of the artistic process and offers a fascinating glimpse into the workings of a 40 year old marriage, with all its attendant ups and downs.	The viewer begins to wonder if this is a love story or a hate story -- or if there's a difference	This doc about a bickering husband-and-wife artist team feels like its drama has been forced by the filmmakers.	A beautifully-made documentary that explores the challenges and richness of both marriage and art through the lens of a fascinating and complex couple.
Unashamedly emotional, it either totally grabs you or leaves you cold.	Spielberg adapts Alice Walker's novel with respect and (heretofore unseen) mature artistry.	A far better film than is usually thought.	Inspiring, sentimental tale of survival.	Spielberg's first big drama is often hokey in places but ultimately succeeds.	A sentimental tale that reveals great emotional truths in American history.
A quietly absorbing character study.	This stylish, but rather dull, German drama has good intentions and some strong performances but unfortunately Barbara fails to entice, enchant and entertain, thanks to its unlikeable lead character and discouraging slow pace.	Not only has director Christian Petzold assembled a fascinating hill of beans, but there's a moonlit scene that almost alone justifies his Silver Bear win at Berlin.	Hoss is such a star, one of the finest actresses in the world. Her work with Petzold is exceptional, but I find myself wondering what Fassbinder would have done with her.	Isn't a tightly wound story of sacrifice, yet its distance is alluring, retaining secrets and motivations, building to a satisfying conclusion.	Smart, solidly grafted, and thoroughly gripping, Barbara offers a deliberately paced, subtly powerful character study.
This is powerful stuff, presented unblinkingly and yet with rousing ardour.	Directed by Lee Hirsch, Amandla! A Revolution in Four Part Harmony is one of the best documentaries that focus on the grass roots of the music that told everyone and educated them about apartheid.	The music is the thing to take away from this historical film.	While providing a total immersion in music and politics, its ultimate effect is a whirlwind of images and assertions that leave few lasting impressions.	This celebratory film is a testimony to the power of song and reveals that the inspiration of music provides fuel for the soul.	The powerful singing in Amandla makes for an uplifting, compelling documentary.
While the fluid hand-drawn animation provides a pleasant stylistic alternative to the predominance of 3D computer animation in the marketplace, the story leaves a lot to be desired.	Here's an adult animation from Belgium with a sly, geometrical animation style and a story that combines the French policier with the American gangsters that originally inspired them.	A Cat in Paris, France's recent Oscar-nominated animated feature, suffuses its story of gangsters and thieves with a playfulness as nimble as the feline after which it's named.	A Cat in Paris is easy enough on the eyes yet never quite justifies feature-length status.	"A Cat in Paris" has a low-key charm and pleasurably laconic visual style.	A Cat in Paris depicts a stylish, imaginative world with a wonderful soundtrack and Hitchcockian overtones.
Suffers the blahs.	It's BS -- Babes and Stunts -- and that's where GoldenEye excels.	Brosnan is a stylish 007, the action is fast and the overall result hugely entertaining.	As stylish and sophisticated as ever.	It doesn't completely lay Bond's psychological complexities naked, cold and bare. But "GoldenEye" can hardly be faulted for occasional concessions to casual entertainment - especially with a superior villain, taut action and an all-time Bond girl.	The first and best Pierce Brosnan Bond film, GoldenEye brings the series into a more modern context, and the result is a 007 entry that's high-tech, action-packed, and urbane.
The first 3-D feature in WarnerColor and with Warner-Phonic sound is a magnificently macabre thriller and far superior to the earlier 3-D efforts.	Arguably the best of all 3-D movies.	House of Wax has gone down in the books as a classic, but now, finally, it can be appreciated in the form it was always meant to be seen in. There is no need to ever watch it in 2D again.	Casting is competent, Vincent Price is capital as the No. 1 menace.	Despite Price's presence this is little more than a footnote in American horror cinema.	House of Wax is a 3-D horror delight that combines the atmospheric eerieness of the wax museum with the always chilling presence of Vincent Price.
It's not fair to say that the film runs out of steam towards the end, because it remains crisp and unpredictable, but it does have the feel of an addictive Outer Limits episode finding ways to stretch itself over the feature-length mark.	Evocative, riveting, and ultimately contemporary in a roundabout way, Moon is a superb mood piece, sublimely cradled by Jones, filtered through tireless work from star Sam Rockwell.	Moon is closer to what die-hards expect when they hear the term 'sci-fi,' and its existence reminds us that serious movies within this genre are not dead -- they're just hiding.	In an era when grey-shaded Hollywood drudge can cost hundreds of millions and deliver nothing, Moon stands out -- and it does so with dignity.	Moon doesn't arrive with a train of ballyhoo, but its quiet charms easily drowns out the clatter of bigger, dumber pictures.	Boosted by Sam Rockwell's intense performance, Moon is a compelling work of science-fiction, and a promising debut from director Duncan Jones.
It does at least float a few ideas worth discussing, and it's kept interesting by the powerful performances of Channing and Stiles.	A provocative work about sexual politics in the corporate world.	Stettner, in his filmmaking debut, has a keen eye for the small sacrifices and humiliations that businesswomen of a generation ago had to endure.	The fatal flaw of the film is that the characters are never quite believable, which precludes our getting emotionally involved in the story.	Paula hijacks the male's prurient interest in hot lesbian action and Julie, ever the political chameleon, falls right in step	The Business of Strangers showcases a complex, compelling performance by Channing. Her interactions and clashes with Stiles make for riveting viewing.
What makes Philomena so winning is the sophisticated way in which it condemns the behaviour of the Catholic Church without denigrating people of faith - a delicate tightrope act that has given plenty of more high-minded films vertigo.	Dench and co-writer Steve Coogan share a fabulous chemistry on screen; they can ride waves of dialogue that take them from seemingly insignificant topics into questioning the existence of God and back again.	A sometimes harrowing, occasionally delightful and certainly emotionally engaging movie. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	Makes me clamor for a Dame Judi Dench/Martin Lawrence buddy film *now*.	Stephen Frears' unfussy direction - and Coogan's splendid script - maintains a confident balance across many potential conflicts: between humour and pathos, religion and atheism, revenge and forgiveness.	Based on a powerful true story and led by note-perfect performances from Judi Dench and Steve Coogan, Philomena offers a profoundly affecting drama for adult filmgoers of all ages.
Bright, witty and delightfully off-kilter, it's a very Aardman Christmas story that even a Scrooge should enjoy.	True, it does sag a little in the middle, like December 25 often does. But it is guaranteed to get you in a Christmassy mood.	The story moves so fast that you might not notice that there's really only enough of it for half the film's running time. But with fun 3-D, witty dialogue and a truly heartwarming finale, you'll believe in Team Claus.	So thoroughly lacking the distinctive charm, wit and heart of Aardman's best work that it could have been made by anyone.	A smart script - that sees kids asking why they can't find Santa's North Pole home on Google Earth - wrapped up in some nifty 3D visuals make this a highly enjoyable early Christmas present.	Aardman Animations broadens their humor a bit for Arthur Christmas, a clever and earnest holiday film with surprising emotional strength.
Better and rawer than any of the remakes.	An outstanding action drama, combining the brutish excitement of football competition with the brutalities of contemporary prison life.	his movie does for football and good sportsmanship what Paul Newman's Slapshot did for hockey.	...gives us a glance of Reynolds when he still had potential, before he totally gave himself over to grin and giggle junk.	Though The Yard is a terrible picture, I'll admit to having unwillingly enjoyed some of the football practice and parts of the final game -- even though it's much too long.	Equal parts tough and funny, and led by a perfectly cast Burt Reynolds, The Longest Yard has an interesting political subtext and an excellent climax -- even if it takes too long to get there.
The audience is held in a vise of claustrophobia, and every room seems full of tiny, screaming children.	It's a quiet, immaculately acted study of appalling cruelty committed unconsciously by those who believe they're acting in the best interest of others.	A small masterpiece.	It's a near-perfect portrait of a domestic tragedy as a master-and-servant psychodrama, one that leaves catastrophic collateral damage in its wake.	Challengingly takes the anti-CNN approach to a horrific crime, as upsetting . . . in trying to make the unfathomable credible. . .the film is nuanced and thoughtful.	A wrenching, quietly violent psychodrama, Our Children has the courage to ask difficult questions, and the strength to leave the answers to the viewer.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie is the cinematic equivalent of being tucked into bed with a fable and a glass of water.	Neither the life lesson on tolerance nor Carly Simon's treacly songs can weigh down the bouncy fun of this colorful and kid-friendly adventure.	Heads out of the treehouse at an abominable crawl, but once the honey starts to flow, it picks up speed and becomes the sweetest film of the series.	even a toddler found it too uninteresting to stick around	A delightful cinematic trifle ... a lushly illustrated and sweetly told tale that is aimed squarely at the ten and under set.	A charming and delightful walk through the Hundred Acres Woods for young viewers.
Saint Ralph is the kind of movie that makes you see why people can believe in miracles.	Written with the glee of a scheming Catholic schoolboy, but its geniality outstrips its plausibility.	McGowan's film demonstrates how sometimes the strongest acts of faith can only occur entirely outside the church.	What writer-director Michael McGowan has pulled off is a bit of a miracle.	Both refreshingly realistic and charmingly implausible at the same time. A real miracle, indeed.	Saint Ralph is an amiable tear-jerker that walks a fine line between being inspirational and being hokum.
The 165-minute feature doesn't always make perfect sense, but it's a thrill to just sit back and enjoy the scenery.	There are plenty of unforgettable moments, such as that sublime crane shot over the new settlement of Flagstone, accompanied by Ennio Morricone's achingly romantic music.	A Leone masterpiece: its deep-focus panoramas, looming widescreen closeups and brilliant sound design are as distinctive as the ballistic signature of a bullet.	Heroes, villains, desperados, and the inevitable shoot-outs: You'll find them all in what a lot of fans consider Leone's best film.	It is mostly fun for the way it cherishes movie styles and attitudes from the past.	A landmark Sergio Leone spaghetti western masterpiece featuring a classic Morricone score.
"The logic-free, consequence-free property damage is never very involving. Furious 7 is sure to be the most lucrative entry of the series. But if you give it any thought at all, it will leave you feeling carsick."	Physics and Gravity be Damned! "Furious 7" Aims to Please.	James Wan came up in the horror ranks and gave the world the first Saw... If "F&F" fans feared that he would tamper with the box-office formula and end up slaying and gutting this cinematic golden goose for shocks and giggles, they can rest easy.	When a film is this exciting in its action set pieces and this meaningful in its quiet moments, the filmmakers are getting it right.	So fast, furious, ginormous, crazed, maxed-out and heart-on-sleeve emotional is this gloriously ludicrous instalment that it's impossible to see where an eighth could go.	Serving up a fresh round of over-the-top thrills while adding unexpected dramatic heft, Furious 7 keeps the franchise moving in more ways than one.
The inspirational road picture The World's Fastest Indian hitches a ride on the charm of its star, Anthony Hopkins.	A tour de force performance by Anthony Hopkins as an elderly character who prefers riding a bike to playing bingo or rocking in a chair.	Like The Straight Story, only faster - this is an enjoyable, heartwarming feel-good drama with a terrific performance from Hopkins.	Anthony Hopkins channels Steve McQueen as his sly, warm, quirky charm elevates this cheery curmudgeon's journey to an endearing, spiritual odyssey.	They're oh, so cute that it's almost enough to make you puke.	Overcomes its formulaic storyline thanks to Anthony Hopkins' warm and endearing portrayal of an age-defying thrill seeker.
off-the-cuff and expertly executed, though bound by its source and its format to minor rewards and pocket epiphanies	May not go down as more than an acting and DV exercise, but at least it's an engrossing one.	For the most part, Tape is smart and deftly executed, with Hawke, in particular, as the resentful Vince, making a vivid impression.	Belber's clever writing shifts our perceptions constantly	You never quite escape the feeling you're watching a barely adapted TV version of a somewhat gimmicky stage play.	Taking place in a hotel room, Tape has the feel of a play, but its engrossing psychodrama allows its stars to shine.
What's good about Lee's movie isn't just good, it's great. It's just unfortunate that the the film as a whole can't live up to that greatness.	The only Ang Lee film where he shows even a modicum of originality in his direction or any real personality or interesting visual flair.	Not since Tim Burton resuscitated the genre with "Batman" has a director so managed to put his own stamp on a superhero film and make the old seem new again.	[Lee] has done as he promised, turning a relatively simple, 41-year-old story of mutation into an exploration of Banner's psyche and the relationship between sinning parents and guiltless but afflicted children.	An unconventional, ballsy winner.	While Ang Lee's ambitious film earns marks for style and an attempt at dramatic depth, there's ultimately too much talking and not enough smashing.
Forbidden Planet stands as the Technicolor, major studio jewel in the crown of the handful of intelligent, dissenting polemical counterpoints of the decade.	Marvelous special effects.	Classic '50s sci-fi flick is campy fun.	A true sci-fi classic, and still a whole lot of fun.	An all-time favorite; great soundtrack, wonderful "Monster from the Id" and a fetching Anne Francis.	Shakespeare gets the deluxe space treatment in Forbidden Planet, an adaptation of The Tempest with impressive sets and seamless special effects.
Alice Wu's debut film is so deft, natural and exquisitely specific, it feels fresh.	A frothy delight, robust with strong and conflicted characters.	A first-time writer-director, Wu handles most of the movie with breezy confidence, drawing strong performances from all of her leading actors.	Equal parts adorable and unbelievable.	A light-hearted Asian-American romantic comedy that sparkles.	A charming tale of a love affair that overcomes cultural taboos.
Tears Of The Sun is just as remarkable as a drama as it is intense as an action flick.	An abysmal, hyper-propagandized testosterone peddler.	Shortcomings are saved by fast-paced combat scenes.	I'm ultimately recommending Tears of the Sun and notably its first three-quarters, because even with its oversimplified and falsely optimistic ending, the film hits upon an issue people need to start exploring.	Jesus, how did they drag this thing out to two hours?	Tries to be high-minded, but in the end, it's just a stylish action movie.
There is enjoyment to be had from Sweet and Lowdown.	It is a fictional docudrama that smacks of Woody's playfulness and love for jazz...	The terrific soundtrack are each alone worth a trip to your local movie theater.	Probes a darker vein than many a Woody Allen movie, but it's also a richly comic piece which can join the ranks of this filmmaker's very best work.	The bubbly lightness of the music and the giddy fun of Allen's humor give Sweet and Lowdown the gloss of light comedy.	Critics praise Woody Allen's Sweet and Lowdown for its charming, light-hearted comedy and quality acting.
Pays off eventually with a lovely story of friendship between two lonely men.	It never patronises its characters in the quest for cheap laughs, treating them instead with commendable compassion.	Aims for but misses the wry truthfulness of Aki Kaurismaki's best films.	Don't expect a profound dish. Do prepare for a light meal with enough oddball humor to maintain involvement.	Kitchen Stories is so subtle that many viewers will not be aware that it's screamingly funny.	By turns touching and funny, this Norwegian import offers quietly absorbing commentary on modern life and friendship.
My favorite part is when the guy said 'boobies' because 'boobies' is funny.	It takes a while to get everybody to Skull Island, about 70 minutes, but it's time extremely well-spent.	Jackson balances these tender moments with slam-bang action sequences the likes of which haven't been seen since Jurassic Park or Titanic -- and surpasses them.	Hokey and clichéd in parts, thrilling and dramatic at other times, King Kong is reminiscent of both Jurassic Park and Titanic. And like those two record-setting epics, it is certain to be a huge hit.	Fitfully extraordinary yet largely lackluster.	Featuring state-of-the-art special effects, terrific performances, and a majestic sense of spectacle, Peter Jackson's remake of King Kong is a potent epic that's faithful to the spirit of the 1933 original.
If you're a fan of Witherspoon, this movie was produced, shot, edited and distributed entirely for you.	It's hard not to be seduced by [Witherspoon's] charisma, even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle, because this girl knows how to drive it to the max.	The worst use of a Skynrd song since Karaoke Night at Hooters.	If it weren't for Witherspoon, the only thing we'd remember about "Sweet Home Alabama" is its classic title song.	If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in, Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy's stand-up act.	Reese Witherspoon is charming enough, but the road to Alabama is well-traveled.
A landmark action film.	As a grand flourish of cinematic technique, it is awesome; as a human drama, it is disgusting and silly, a mindless depiction of carnage on an epic scale.	Great escapist action, but it's still nothing more than an action movie %u2013 cinema's version of a nice, tasty hamburger.	Yippee-ki-yay, action fans.	It gets your heart pounding, then makes you hate yourself for it.	Its many imitators (and sequels) have never come close to matching the taut thrills of the definitive holiday action classic.
Quite sadly Get Him to the Greek just doesn't work in the way it was meant to. Despite an ambitious metaphor, the film is far too mean-spirited to tickle our funny-bone.	Cheerfully profane in the manner of a dormitory bull session.	W.C. Fields warned, "Never work with children or animals." Russell Brand and Jonah Hill can add, "Never work with P. Diddy."	If this sounds like a remake of My Favorite Year for the new millennium, well, it is. Being a Judd Apatow production, it's also sweet-natured, despite an unrelenting onslaught of raunch.	dares to go to some very dark places and does so without losing its absurdist bite	Thanks to a suitably raunchy script and a pair of winning performances from Jonah Hill and Russell Brand, Get Him to the Greek is one of the year's funniest comedies.
It's not as illuminating as it could be, but it sheds light just the same.	For American viewers, Lost Boys of Sudan not only details a great tragedy a half-a-world away, but also illuminates much that's good and bad about life in our own country.	Never less than a quietly heart-rending experience.	In spite of their streets-paved-with-gold expectations, there is no Heaven on Earth	The people who made Lost Boys of Sudan have a compelling story to tell, but they haven't quite put their fingers on it.	The Lost boys of Sudan works as both a riveting documentary and scathing indictment of colonialism.
The only scary part about this is that someone out there might actually love it.	[A] miscast, misdirected botch of a can't-miss plot.	This is one of those thrillers where the person on-screen is often the only person in the theater who can't guess what'll happen next.	P2 is nothing fancy or flashy. It could use more innovation, and either tension or dark creepiness, but all in all, it's not a bad directing debut for Khalfoun.	About as basic and unmemorable as a horror flick gets.	P2 is full of gore, but low on suspense, featuring a cat-and-mouse plot has been done many times before.
One may feel dissatisfied by the 11th-hour turn toward lyrical fatalism, and mildly insulted by the presumptuous attitude it seems to choose as it sends us on our way.	Admirable work indeed, but also a painful walk in the darkness. Meanwhile, Brendan Gleeson's tender scenes with Kelly Reilly and Marie-Josée Croze shape the movie's loving soul.	Calvary gives Gleeson ample opportunity to explore his talent for anchoring a movie, making it deeper and richer than the script and direction might otherwise allow.	McDonagh has found a wonderfully satisfying balance between his skills as a writer of intimate, intelligent narratives, and the greater themes that confront the demons of his homeland.	Both the comedy and the violence are watered down by a dark melancholy.	Led by a brilliant performance from Brendan Gleeson, Calvary tackles weighty issues with humor, intelligence, and sensitivity.
There's a very special, and weird, purity about the Bond formula as it is presented here: all the excess is in place but still reined in by some last measure of discipline.	How can you top characters with names like Odd Job and Pussy Galore? The best of the Bond films.	The iconic James Bond movie, this third entry into the franchise is rightly heralded for offering the perfect blend of action, adventure, gunplay, fisticuffs, gadgetry (that Aston Martin!), romance, derring-do, and just about everything else.	If spy-action films ever had a classic, then this is it.	Presented here in a newly restored digital print, it should look especially swish on the big screen.	Goldfinger is where James Bond as we know him comes into focus - it features one of 007's most famous lines ("A martini. Shaken, not stirred") and a wide range of gadgets that would become the series' trademark.
Arresting and unsettling.	A wonderfully acted film and a courageous one.	in the end, this is more deservedly bad press for NAMBLA.	Brian Cox would be up for Oscar consideration for his acting in this role, except there is probably zero chance of the Academy nominating an actor playing a pedophile.	Ultimately offers little satisfaction outside of the strong performances.	L.I.E. is a well-acted and unsettling look at a boy's relationship with a pedophile.
An absorbing but somber drama.	Coixet has blunted the impact of the novel's ending just as she has softened Roth's misanthropic depiction of Kepesh and, as a result, she's taken flak for being over-polite. I didn't care.	A male-flattering romantic/tragic fantasy for mature intellectuals unable to identify with the young man's fantasies of Judd Apatow movies.	Director Isabel Coixet sees David's tragedy, but also his life force, and she draws brilliant work out of Cruz.	A feat that Coixet (My Life Without Me, The Secret Life of Words) and her exquisite cast pull off with knowing aplomb and subtle skill.	An intelligent, adult, and provocative Philip Roth adaptation that features classy performances, Elegy is never quite the sum of its parts.
Zemeckis springs so many pow 3-D surprises you'll think Beowulf is your own private fun house.	When computer animation looks this authentic, you wonder why they didn't just do it for real and have done with it. But we'll own up to being mightily impressed by the visuals.	Give it a chance. It'll surprise you.	Zemeckis has been seduced by the siren call of motion capture... Memo to Zemeckis: come back to earth!	"Beowulf" is monstrous enough to deserve to be seen in its 3-D version.	Featuring groundbreaking animation, stunning visuals, and a talented cast, Beowulf has in spades what more faithful book adaptations forget to bring: pure cinematic entertainment.
With his Cannes winner for Best Actor (Timothy Spall, "All or Nothing") and Technical Achievement (cinematographer Dick Pope, "Another Year"), writer/director Mike Leigh ("Topsy-Turvy," "Another Year") has created one of the great films about an artist.	Erudite and exquisite, it exudes color and exacting visuals....	Filmmaker Mike Leigh's biography of the landscape painter J.M.W. Turner is what critics call "austere"-which means it's slow and grim and deliberately hard to love-yet it's fascinating, and the performances and photography are outstanding.	Revives an era in astonishing, delicate detail, then moves through the space with a documentarian's eye. Leigh takes Turner out of art history and puts him back in the world.	It's one of the fullest biographies ever made.	Led by a masterful performance from Timothy Spall and brilliantly directed by Mike Leigh, Mr. Turner is a superior Hollywood biopic.
There's no lack of style or pace from Noyce, just the sense that it isn't quite gelling together.	The predictable action-thriller elements are all in place, from coke-sniffing, machine-gun-toting thugs to monotonous narrow escapes. The look is stylish, sound is above average, and the acting only as good as it has to be.	Compared with the sensational stunts and special effects in the Bond series, The Saint seems positively leisurely.	What could have been a cool concept movie buckles under an uninspired script and some treacherous miscasting.	Love redeems this profiteer; it also renders him conventional.	The Saint is watchable thanks to Kilmer and Shue, but the muddled screenplay stretches credulity.
Overly violent swill.	With its migraine-inducing laser showdowns and puerile gags ... Digimon almost makes you nostalgic for the relative sophistication of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.	Overall, it's a pleasantly bearable experience.	Can be surprisingly smart and lively in its early going, thanks to some cheeky, well-written humor, a genuine sense of excitement and topical ties to the Internet.	The fight scenes ... are thrilling, the friendships among the Digidestined children are way cool, and the protective gestures of the older kids toward the younger ones in the movie are probably a good example for all.	Digimon is better than Pokemon, but it's still a predictable movie with mediocre animation.
Hrebejk furthers his country's reputation for cinematic absurdity as the only sane artistic reaction to political insanity.	Poignant, humanistic and irresistibly comic.	Has the literary richness, depth of character and tone that such a morally difficult, powerful narrative requires.	The players perfectly inhabit their characters; nobody seems to be actually acting.	A tender and heartbreakingly lovely story of risk and sacrifice in the shadow of the terror.	Divided We Fall takes a complex look at World War II, skillfully balancing humor and gravity.
You just want to shake the filmmakers by the shoulders and yell, "You have a damaged spaceship loaded with nuclear weapons speeding straight into the heart of the sun. Really, that's not enough drama for you?"	Problems arise in the film's third act...and the film doesn't recover.	Though it takes its principal cues from an earlier tradition, it panders to no one in terms of its own vision.	An extraordinary film, operating simultaneously at visceral, psychological and spiritual levels as it takes us on a voyage into space with the fate of mankind at stake.	A movie that Carl Sagan would have liked.	Danny Boyle continues his descent into mind-twisting sci-fi madness, taking us along for the ride. Sunshine fulfills the dual requisite necessary to become classic sci-fi: dazzling visuals with intelligent action.
It should delight mainstream audiences who prefer their action pictures to have some depth of character, several twists in the plot and a satisfying conclusion.	The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.	Cronenberg's direction, mirroring the split in Tom, is alternately measured and frighteningly explosive, and, as always, he gives the movie a nasty underlay of sexual perversity.	It is an assured, potent statement from an auteur who isn't afraid to pack deep thoughts into a movie made for a wide audience.	With foreboding and tension in almost every shot, Cronenberg's taut thriller doesn't revel in violence, but reflects in ambivalence on its grim consequences.	A History of Violence raises compelling and thoughtful questions about the nature of violence, while representing a return to form for director David Cronenberg in one of his more uncharacteristic pieces.
It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun.	Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets.	Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	It's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost.	A great big Bollywood musical, complete with song and dance and doomed love triangles and elegantly photographed men playing cricket. And it's terrific fun, in a way that only great big musical fantasies can be.	Lagaan is lavish, rousing entertainment in the old-fashioned tradition of Hollywood musicals.
Adamson is probably indifferent to politics, which would be easier to forgive if the film gave you anything else to think about.	It lacks the kind of rich details and memorable dialogue that would elevate it to amazing status, but the action is good	lives up to expectations, although it doesn't quite scale the heights set by the original film.	Prince Caspian has the same problems as its predecessor: a C.S. Lewis story line rendered anemic, and a cast of sweet but unengaging principals.	It's characters like these that make the film worth seeing, but if the Narnia series continues to get worse with each installment, Disney would be better off just finishing the trilogy and calling it quits.	The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian is an entertaining family adventure worthy of the standard set by its predecessor.
Doesn't measure up.	To say this film (and any other dancing competition film) is formulaic is an understatement. However, formalism is entirely forgivable when you look at the marketplace.	It's not a little obvious that the Step Up franchise means to keep a Disneyfied hand in the apparently inexorable dance movie cycle.	Step Up 2 the Streets posits a universe where racial and class differences are minor obstacles to fun and pretends its clichés aren't clichés.	Why quibble? Anyone who goes to this movie for the plot is insane. It's all about the moves and the bodies putting them on.	There's a kinetic appeal to the handsome cast and their smooth moves, but everything else about Step Up 2 the Streets is been there, danced that.
It was definitely one of the biggest "event" films of the 1950s, but the decade produced many smaller films that were much more entertaining and that have aged better.	Not only the beginning of cameos, this was also the beginning of large, flashy, special-effects ladden spectacles that did more for the dazzling of the eye than it did for the mind.	Just goes to show you what dreck can win the Oscar if you got the money and know how to promote your product.	The most magnificent travelogue disguised as adventure spectacle ever made. Or is it the other way around?	Michael Anderson's direction couldn't be more unimaginative and flat. A movie like this should be swimming in creative whimsy, and a sense of wonder. There's nothing of that sort here.	It's undeniably shallow, but its cheerful lack of pretense -- as well as its grand scale and star-stuffed cast -- help make Around the World in 80 Days charmingly light-hearted entertainment.
Not a bad mid-90s sci fi flick - and with a young Sandra Bullock in spandex to boot!	Nearly all the SF premises are accorded the status of Andrew Dice Clay one-liners -- which means that they, along with the characters, keep changing from one scene to the next.	This futuristic comedy depends on your opinion of Stallone and his unapologetic popcorn-pleasing action no-brainers. To be fair, this one is one of his better ones.	...a sporadically amusing yet pervasively underwhelming bit of early '90s cheese...	Demolition Man is like that old joke about a bad restaurant: the food is awful... and such small portions.	A better-than-average sci-fi shoot-em-up with a satirical undercurrent, Demolition Man is bolstered by strong performances by Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes, and Sandra Bullock.
Has one of the great movie endings of all time.	Cusack and Skye's relationship develops nicely and believably, but Crowe has not written an entirely convincing character for the latter to play.	Has more depth and feeling than we expect to see in any teenage comedy	Without a shadow of a doubt the most rewarding, funny, and likable romance of the last twenty years. It heralds the decency of romantic love against the gears of a cold, grinding mechanical world.	Say Anything does the nearly impossible of making a satisfying film from a high school dating comedy.	One of the definitive Generation X movies, Say Anything is equally funny and heartfelt -- and it established John Cusack as an icon for left-of-center types everywhere.
It's hard to escape the conclusion that all the originality and excitement have been drained from the series.	That this movie is how the Superman movie legacy ended would be a depressing thought if the movie weren't so endlessly hilarious.	Godawful, pointless, preachy sequel.	The overall effect is of a story atomized and dying before our eyes, collapsing into smashed pulp, ground down into big-budget Kryptonite ash.	Somewhere between the cheesy special effects and lame story the whole movie falls flat.	The Superman series bottoms out here: the action is boring, the special effects look cheaper, and none of the actors appear interested in where the plot's going.
Uses its sly brand of humor to say plenty about the state of race relations in the U.S. (really).	Cho and Penn are winning leads and play well off of each other. When the film works, it's often due to their interaction.	Harold and Kumar are pothead patriots in the first feel-good torture film.	Stoner social satire is rude, crude, and funny.	...unpleasant and mean-spirited...	It may not equal its predecessor, but Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay is still good for some laughs -- and food for thought.
One of those rare moments wherein you actually believe your are seeing a ghost, not a Hollywood special effect.	The horror genre is not often known for its subtlety, but The Orphanage proves that sometimes it's more satisfying to squirm in your seat than it is to jump out of it.	At once mother and child, victim and antagonist, space and inhabitant, Laura is remarkable, but also traumatized and unnerving.	However, the creative trust hasn’t forgotten those who love their art served up rich in metaphor and message.	This psychological thriller is a superb tale of haunting and secrets, and it's intelligent from start to finish.	Deeply unnerving and surprisingly poignant, The Orphanage is an atmospheric, beautifully crafted haunted house horror film that earns scares with a minimum of blood.
When the movie gets heavy-handed about how [Gibson's] becoming a better person, all the comedy disappears and what's left is swimming in mawkishness and bogus sentimentality.	Mel Gibson won't rest until you love him as much as he loves himself.	boldly goes where other romantic-comedies have only flirted -- straight into the heads of women.	Mel Gibson's charming, double-take-filled performance rises way above the material.	While Nick comes to appreciate women in all their complexity and depth, the movie is only interested in them as props and tools to aid in his eventual enlightenment.	Even though Gibson is a good sport in his role, What Women Want is a rather conventional, fluffy comedy-romance that doesn't make good use of its premise.
Lumet keeps things tense, sweaty, suspenseful and entertaining despite the contrived story line.	An intense concentration of power, and my all-time favourite film.	Cinema heresy that worked.	The cast is incredible, the writing superb, and the film is unparalleled in its sheer excellence.	Every bit the classic it's been made out to be for all these years.	Sidney Lumet's feature debut is a superbly written, dramatically effective courtroom thriller that rightfully stands as a modern classic.
The film isn't bad, but it relies a little too much on the here-and-now of the characters, with the result that we never really find out what put them on this desperate road.	Mississippi Grind captures the ecstasy of a good role of the dice and the desperation of a bad turn of the cards -- and provides a sense of why some keep going even when it becomes clear they've lost their shot at a happy ending.	Mendelsohn gives Gerry more soul than simply a degenerate gambler. Reynolds imbues Curtis with an empathy that grounds his easy-quipping persona.	A two-handed portrait of addiction, desperation and regret that both narratively and stylistically harks back to the gritty character plays of the 1960s and early 1970s.	This low-budget indie has a unique ambiance and surprising depth, both in the performances of its two leads and the writing/directing team of Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck.	Well-acted and steeped in Southern atmosphere, Mississippi Grind is a road movie and addiction drama that transcends each of its well-worn genres.
It is so bad that when it introduces a running gag involving blurred upskirt shots, you can almost hear the actors just out of camera range trying to get them to move the blurs up high enough to hide their faces as well	Meet The Spartans? For those unlucky enough to be lured into the cinema, there's every chance you'll be wanting to meet your maker instead.	The musical number that runs during the closing credits is funnier than anything that precedes it, which isn't saying much.	What's the point of making a parody that's dumber than the stuff it parodies?	To devote an entire feature film to making fun of another film's universally acknowledged gay subtext seems to me good cause for said filmmakers to have a sit-down with their muse, because somebody's been sleeping on the job.	A tired, unfunny, offensive waste of time, Meet the Spartans scrapes the bottom of the cinematic barrel.
Kept animated by the superior work of the cast, who take the surface mentality of the source material and make it a deeply felt, agreeably tragic romantic experience. Rodanthe is obvious, but it's very effective.	There's little room for genuine emotion in this turgid romantic fantasy adapted from a novel by slop-meister Nicholas Sparks.	This isn't a movie: it's a feature-length Ralph Lauren commercial.	provides earnest human connections and palpable heartache.	Nights in Rodanthe is typical Nicholas Sparks fare that has been turned into a tasteful melodrama courtesy of the easy chemistry between its two leads and a generally restrained touch from Tony-winning director George C. Wolfe in his feature debut.	Derivative and schmaltzy, Nicholas Sparks' Nights in Rodanthe is strongly mottled by contrivances that even the charisma of stars Diane Lane and Richard Gere can't repair.
I heartily recommend it, especially for the great performances by Matt Damon, in his first major role, and Lou Diamond Phillips.	Underrated war flick with a surprisingly effective performance by Meg Ryan	Zwick pulls off the trick of making each story plausible, while Ryan successfully sheds her usual overmannered acting style and turns in a solid, if fleeting, performance as a no-nonsense, leathery woman.	Gag-me -with-a -spoon patriotism is served up with explosions galore in the first Gulf War propaganda vehicle.	Denzel Washington reinforces his image as a serious leading man who dominates a film with his quiet intensity and aura of introspection.	An emotional and intriguing tale of a military officer who must review the merits of a fallen officer while confronting his own war demons. Effectively depicts the terrors of war as well as its heartbreaking aftermath.
I didn't like one part of this movie.	An innocuous but haphazard family comedy that seems less crafted for children than dreamed up by a team of them.	Guy Pearce abraça o embaraço com toda a vontade, mas nem isso salva esta porcaria constrangedoramente mal escrita, atuada e dirigida do fracasso. Um filme de Adam Sandler para crianças: alguém alerte a UNICEF.	For parents who aren't Sandler fans, Bedtime Stories may seem like just another dumb comedy that their kids will drag them to over the holidays.	If you listen carefully to the strains of 'When You Wish Upon a Star' during the Disney corporate intro, you may hear Walt moaning in his grave.	Though it may earns some chuckles from pre-teens, this kid-friendly Adam Sandler comedy is uneven, poorly paced, and lacks the requisite whimsy to truly work.
one of the best remakes ever	The dog with a human head rocks!	Very entertaining, and despite the by now over familiar-plot, pleasantly suspenseful.	Scary at the time, campy fun now	Ideas that Siegel knocked off in a few shots are expanded to fill entire sequences -- but they're good ideas, and can stand a little stretching.	Employing gritty camerawork and evocative sound effects, Invasion of the Body Snatchers is a powerful remake that expands upon themes and ideas only lightly explored in the original.
Isn't the worst movie of the mythos but it sure is the lamest.	At best, an over-stimulating concatenation of bells and whistles amounting to the cinematic equivalent of bubblegum.	Bale is a leader of the resistance fighters, who are mostly resistant to ugliness, facial blemishes, a few extra pounds, roomy flight suits, and old age.	A steady camera in action sequences goes a long way.	the whole ordeal made me fantasize about building a time machine so I could send a cyborg into the past to terminate McG's mother before she could give birth to him	With storytelling as robotic as the film's iconic villains, Terminator Salvation offers plenty of great effects but lacks the heart of the original films.
Hereafter should have a lot more life, but instead heads mournfully into the white light. Stay away!	Strangely stiff and repetitive.	What is terrific about Eastwood is that he has a real cleanness in his approach to filmmaking and there isn't this claptrap of sentimentality surrounding it.	What could have been an interesting exploration of the gateway to eternity takes an uncomfortable eternity to get to the point.	With Eastwood stubbornly determined to make one of the quietest films you'll ever see and Matt Damon restrained like never before, the Hereafter could either leave you thinking...or seriously underwhelmed.	Despite a thought-provoking premise and Clint Eastwood's typical flair as director, Hereafter fails to generate much compelling drama, straddling the line between poignant sentimentality and hokey tedium.
Absolutely fascinating for fans of cultural anthropology.	I used to hate traveling and all the hassles it entails but after watching the arduous plight of so many millions who just want to go home to be with family, I feel as if I walked a mile in their shoes.	Doing double duty as the film's cinematographer, Fan demonstrates a pitch-perfect photojournalistic eye.	Rarely in a documentary does every shot matter as a bearer of emotion and information. Lixin Fan's nonfiction debut, Last Train Home (2009), is just such an exceptional movie.	This is essential viewing for understanding our world.	Last Train Home is a haunting, vivid documentary exploring the human toll of China's economic boom in intimate, unforgettable detail.
A scathing indictment of the MPAA.	Although a couple of the film's conclusions are as arbitrary and questionable as decisions by the board, This Film Is Not Yet Rated should be an eye-opener.	Kirby Dick's feisty, intellectually engaging documentary tries to illuminate an aspect of moviemaking and moviegoing that is deliberately left in the dark.	This Film Is Not Yet Rated may be a mischievous, slanted and even angry piece of work, but it articulates a rage that filmmakers and film consumers have felt for years.	Rated reveals the mysterious ways of the movie ratings board, otherwise known as the MPAA, and you won't believe your eyes.	A fascinating and entertaining film that will open many eyes to the often-questioned tactics of the MPAA and their ratings sytem.
[An] important and compassionate film.	Zeiger makes good use of archival footage, photos and sound bites from the period. And the frankness of his interview subjects is refreshing.	Offers nothing in the way of balancing the protest viewpoint...[but] still usefully revisits--during our current unpopular war--the internal conflict of America during the Vietnam War.	Zeiger can't resist overstating the extent of the GI peace movement, and his singular focus in hailing the protesters creates more than a few blind spots in his movie.	Sir! No Sir! is a reminder of Fonda's star power, past and present ... her charisma and zeal haven't mellowed a bit.	A powerful reflection on a pivotal era, from a viewpoint seldom visited, this documentary hits home, especially with its relevance to current events.
[An] existential suspense classic.	The film's extended suspense sequences deserve a place among the great stretches of cinema.	The Wages of Fear is a frantic, vicious, existentialist howl that still manages to laugh; it goes grinning into the void.	One of the best existential thrillers ever made, Clouzot's 1952 film, which won the Cannes Fest Palme d'Or, is just as fresh, suspenseful, gritty and haunting today as it was decades ago; good companion piece to Clouzot's Diabolique.	The Wages of Fear contains tension-fraught stretches of "pure cinema" that probably gave even the Master cold sweats.	An existential suspense classic, The Wages of Fear blends nonstop suspense with biting satire; its influence is still being felt on today's thrillers.
The Green Hornet looks and feels as if it were made by a bunch of (highly talented) 10-year-old boys. Taking any pleasure in the film depends on your willingness to let your inner-child run rampant.	If you enjoy watching a lead character that's so annoying and such a jerk that you'd like to punch him in the face yourself, then The Green Hornet is for you.	Team the acting and writing of Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg with the artsy-fartsy directing of Michel Gondry and they'd turn Gone with the Wind into a quirky comedy.	'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.	"The Green Hornet" has enough kicks and verve to keep the winter blues at bay, at least for a little while.	It's sporadically entertaining, but The Green Hornet never approaches the surreal heights suggested by a Michel Gondry/Seth Rogen collaboration.
Anyone who takes a chance on this unpromising import will be richly rewarded.	A love of unspoiled countryside and its sturdy people suffuses this film, which unfolds with subtlety, humor and affection -- and becomes in the process a pure enchantment.	Beautiful Provence, and its charming traditionalists, colorfully work their summer magic on a hunky wayward son with terrific appeal to ferment a sparkling romance.	This honest family drama is exceedingly modest, but Guirado's skills handling story, character development and details pay off handsomely.	The Grocer's Son offers a nicely observed portrait of a man in search of himself, finding his purpose, and finding that, in fact, it is possible to go home again.	A noteworthy performance by Eric Guirado makes this gently pastoral film a moving coming-of-age story.
The lack of melodrama coupled with moments of quiet celebration make Goodbye Solo a more uplifting tale than one might expect with such a less-than-joyous premise.	There's hope yet for world cinema if an Iranian-American director can take the premise of an Iranian film, set it in North Carolina, cast the lead roles with an African fashion model and Elvis Presley's former bodyguard, and produce something utterly new.	A beautifully understated story of an unconventional friendship.	Most of the movie's subterranean emotion is found in the unsettled relationship between Solo and William, and in the extraordinary performances by the two leading men.	Bahrani and his collaborator, Bahareh Azimi, have constructed an unusual story with a superb script. I wouldn't have believed that the setting here would be Winston-Salem, but then again, I guess that's the point of this unconventional tale.	An original and thoughtful human drama, Goodbye Solo looks at relationships and loneliness while proving director Ramin Bahrani's is an important American voice.
A documentary record of the ghastly conditions existing in the Nazi-occupied Warsaw Ghetto in 1942.	A searing expose of the brutality of the Nazi regime ironically made by the perpetrators themselves, and a subtle examination of the process and purpose that lay behind it.	The reconstructed film and Hersonski's filling and framing devices are a worthwhile social artifact and a reminder of the lengths the Nazis went to to deflect the world's attention from their real intent: genocide.	An important historical document of a phony historical document. Truly unforgettable.	Examination of Nazi inhumanity by an Israeli director on record as opposing Zionist inhumanity.	A heartbreaking, haunting historical document, A Film Unfinished excavates particularly horrible chapter of Holocaust history, and in doing so, the film provides a glimpse into the Nazi propaganda machine.
The basic validity of the story's emotional core beneath all the contrivance starts carrying the day in the latter stretches.	A hard-to-swallow fantasy.	The sort of movie that seems to exist for no good reason except to keep the studio's pipeline filled with filmed product.	Sweet November does neither of its leads any favors. But they fill their roles admirably, and then some.	Sweet November is neither a masterpiece nor a remake of one, but its wistfulness is infectious, and its melancholy mood lingers for days.	Schmaltzy and manipulative, Sweet November suffers from an implausible plot and non-existent chemistry between its leads.
This dark comic psychological thrill oozes creepiness from every pore.	A witty, frightening, well-acted picture with near-perfect cinematic timing.	Moll's direction is poky and the film never comes to life.	The wickedly funny film leaves you with lots to talk about when you leave.	One can't help but call on the ghost of Alfred Hitchcock to describe Dominik Moll's With a Friend Like Harry.	A darkly funny thriller that's reminiscent of Hitchcock.
Audrey Wells has taken what could have been nothing more than an episodic travelogue and given it real humor and heart	The lesson? No matter what you think, you will never be happy without a hunk.	Pleasant, light, tear-jerking entertainment	Has about as much in common with Frances Mayes as it does with Willie Mays, but it does have the marvelous Diane Lane.	If you don't want to go to Italy after seeing "Under the Tuscan Sun," you might as well stick to canned spaghetti.	Though formulaic and superficial, Under the Tuscan Sun is redeemed by Lane's vibrant performance.
Peter Strickland confirms his growing reputation as the champion of notoriously disreputable genres with The Duke Of Burgundy.	Nothing if not a mood piece, but amid its atmospherics and winking asides, it's also a fascinating portrait of a relationship.	A meticulously choreographed erotic theatre.	The most beautiful thing about The Duke of Burgundy - no small feat given the incredible performances and impeccable visual design - is that Strickland appears to be using our expectations to say something genuinely lovely and cathartic about love.	The Duke of Burgundy is both a vertiginously styled relationship movie and an erotic fable about being in a relationship (the fear of routine, of boredom, of limits).	Stylish, sensual, and smart, The Duke of Burgundy proves that erotic cinema can have genuine substance.
An enjoyable departure from both Das Boot and Kajagoogoo.	A marvelously realized flight of pure fantasy.	It pokes along at times and lapses occasionally into dark moments of preachy philosophy, but this is still a charming, amusing and harmless film for kids.	[A] marvelous, inventive, inspiring fantasy.	The NeverEnding Story remains a testament to the power of imagination and the type of inventive cinema that was possible in a pre-digital era.	A magical journey about the power of a young boy's imagination to save a dying fantasy land, The NeverEnding Story remains a much-loved kids adventure.
Released before I started reviewing, but I would be remiss if I didn't say: it's a fine film. Had me buckling over in laughter, often, little plot, 100% pure stupid genius.	From the puns to the slapstick to the toilet, Dumb and Dumber is performed at such a high level that it transcends many of its influences.	Carrey, I am now convinced, is a true original. In The Mask, he had the screenplay and production to back him up. Here, the filmmaking is more uncertain.	Inspired, irreverent, spark-driven comedy that takes you places you never thought a movie would go -- even a Jim Carrey movie.	Dumb and Dumber, which features Carrey and Jeff Daniels as nitwits traveling cross-country, is a frayed string of gags posing as a movie. Carrey, though, does literal-minded doofdom with peerless enthusiasm.	A relentlessly stupid comedy elevated by its main actors: Jim Carrey goes bonkers and Jeff Daniels carries himself admirably in an against-type performance.
A movie set in the frozen north that just idles, endlessly, in the sitcom hothouse where convention slowly but surely becomes moldy cliche.	Instantly forgettable.	There's little to recommend Snow Dogs, unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity.	Disney's latest update of the lame live-action B comedies that have been among the studio's more dubious contributions to American pop culture.	This amiable, old-fashioned family film is ... a straightforward fish-out-of-water tale with lessons for the little ones and a surprisingly earnest and moving performance from James Coburn.	A mediocre live-action children's movie, Snow Dogs is filled with cliched dialogue, tiresome pratfalls, and stale fish-out-of-water jokes.
There's one great clue that the picture was not born in Hollywood: the heaving bosoms. Only the Germans would bestow such careful, pillowy attention to the bustline of the wicked stepmother and the flying witches.	Nothing much of any import or interest happens to get us to the end we predicted within the first two minutes, so if for some masochistic reason you do let your kid drag you to this, this would be a good time to catch a nap.	The CGI animation is third-rate and unimaginative. The screenplay isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is . . . In short, HAPPILYN'EVER AFTER is a disappointment.	Happily N'Ever After, with its pseudo-Shrekkeries, tries to be too many things -- and in too many styles and dimensions -- at the same time.	A leaden, irritatingly obvious postmodern fairy tale.	Happily N'Ever After has none of the moxy, edge, or postmodern wit of the other fairy-tales-gone-haywire CG movie it so blatantly rips off.
Spurlock comes across as a kinder, gentler, less egomaniacal and -- not irrelevant, in this context -- thinner Michael Moore.	Spurlock is considerably more charismatic and more endearing than documentarian Michael Moore, to whom he's already been compared. And as narrator and subject, he has considerable screen presence.	If you decide to go see 'Super Size Me'--not a bad idea--you might want to skip that stop at the concession stand on the way into the auditorium.	Morgan Spurlock goes on an exclusive McDonalds' diet to prove that their food is high in fat & cholesterol. His experiment was as pointless then as his documentary is today.	It's one thing to know that fast food is bad for you. It's another to see that 'badness' demonstrated.	Entertaining doc about the adverse effects of eating fast food.
Like a hopelessly elongated episode of 'Behind the Music'...By the end many viewers might think the subtitle should really be 'Some Kind of Joke.'	A movie about narcissism that indulges that narcissism--vindicated by our decision to pay a few bucks for the honour.	[Shows] less 'the majesty of rock' ... than the banal yet ultimately far more inspirational reality of flawed human beings confronting their demons and getting down to (admittedly big money) business.	Overlong and repetitious.	Berlinger and Sinofsky manipulate almost two years of raw footage into one coherent, riveting and educational piece.	Fascinating behind-the-scenes look at how Metallica survives one of their more turbulent periods.
An intriguingly internalised central plot and outrageously exhilarating action	While the rejuvenation of the franchise has been put on temporary hold, be assured that 'Quantum of Solace' sparkles with all the wit and heart-pounding excitement of a movie that takes its name from an Ian Fleming story about cocktail-party chitchat.	Quantum Of Solace doesn't seem like a major entry in the Bond canon. Well under two hours long, it's shorter and more frenetic than most of its predecessors, and an often-jolting experience to watch.	Quantum makes us understand the importance of a good director, which is sadly absent here.	It delivers the goods in bloody high style: explosively, sexily, and with 007 shaken (not stirred) to his icy core.	Brutal and breathless, Quantum Of Solace delivers tender emotions along with frenetic action. Not as good as franchise reboot Casino Royale, but still an impressive entry to the Bond canon.
They say sarcasm is the lowest form of wit. Well 'they' obviously haven't seen 'The Love Guru', an overgrown dirt-patch of clunking juvenilia.	Pitka's character seems overly based on what's convenient for a given scene.	The whole vaguely pitiable enterprise has tiny flickers of brilliance which can't be denied, but almost can't be detected, either.	They are not putting any of the funny stuff from The Love Guru in the trailer. This is a rapid assault of comedy.	It appears Myers did not have someone behind the camera reigning him in. Too bad.	The Love Guru features far too many gross-out gags, and too few earned laughs, ranking as one of Mike Myers' poorest outings.
"No body wants a fucking abortion" exclaims one of the doctors, and this is at the heart of the tough decisions that are played out every day within each clinic	Addressing an issue many Americans are uncomfortable with, this informative documentary sheds light and humanity on reproductive rights in this country.	"After Tiller" takes the politically divisive, emotionally charged issue of late-term abortions and portrays it with grace, understatement and humanity.	Any viewer with an interest in this issue, whether pro-life, pro-choice or agnostic, ought to see this heart-piercing report from the front lines.	"After Tiller" does viewers the great service of providing light where there's usually only heat, giving a human face and heart to what previously might have been an abstract issue or quickly scanned news item.	After Tiller applies empathy, honesty, and graceful understatement to a discussion that all too often lacks them all.
(Phoenix and Travolta) rescue the film from its own over-extended plot and soap opera style.	Ladder 49 wants to honor firefighters for their courage and selflessness...yet at every turn [the film] undercuts itself.	If the film loses itself midstream, forgetting where it's going and which paths it needs to take to get there, Phoenix saves it with equal parts heroism and humanity.	Pranks, rituals and fires keep coming throughout the melodramatic, cornball Ladder 49.	What is the point of Ladder 49?Fire is scary?Fire fighting is dangerous?Veterans lose their youthful idealism?...It's as pointless as a movie about the sky being blue.	Instead of humanizing the firemen, the movie idolizes them, and thus renders them into cardboard characters.
Uninitiated kids may adopt this new Scooby, but anyone who loved the show will find it frustrating.	A frenetic, cluttered $100-million worth of haphazard plotting, fart jokes, computer-generated monsters and visual chaos.	I found no laughs, no smiles, no thrills, no atmosphere, no emotion, and, worst of all, no sense of wonderment. (Blu-ray Double-Feature Edition)	Bad	The film's effects just don't do the concept justice.	Though Lillard is uncannily spot-on as Shaggy, Scooby Doo is a tired live-action update, filled with lame jokes.
Nora Ephron's winning new movie is a tonic for those seeking something different from the usual summer fare of explosions, aliens and all things gone berserk. And what a swell departure it is.	Ephron conveys neither gustatory joy nor cinematic know-how.	Meryl Streep at her most relaxed and enjoyable is a main course in herself. Pity we have to share her with a side order of Nora Ephron at her least appetizing.	This is blissful moviemaking. Much of the pleasure we have in watching it comes from seeing Tucci and, obviously, Streep connect. But it's also the effortlessness Ephron reveals in bringing it all together.	Another patchy effort from director Nora Ephron who doesn't quite get a grip on this potentially fascinating story.	Boosted by Meryl Streep's charismatic performance as Julia Child, Julie and Julia is a light, but fairly entertaining culinary comedy.
ike Bresson's movies, Three Monkeys is an archetype of the cinematic form in which the elements are stripped to their essences so that what remains is immaterial--as insubstantial as cinema can be.	At times while watching it, I found myself fidgeting, my patience for long stare-offs exhausted; afterward, I couldn't stop thinking about it.	[The film's] hauntingly slow rhythms underscore the immanent violence and impotent rage that cripple already attenuated lives.	Those willing to think for themselves, not in a rush for the dénouement and appreciate cinematographic narrative techniques will surely savour nearly every frame of director/co-writer Nuri Bilge Ceylan's ... exceptionally crafted tale of crime, corruption	If you're looking for an adultery- and revenge-fueled family melodrama so subdued that it keeps a hit-and-run fatality, cuckoldry, and murder entirely off screen, Three Monkeys is your movie and Nuri Bilge Ceylan your not-so-genre-inclined auteur.	Exploring the effects of a family's dealings with an underhanded politician, this crime drama avoids showing the violent outcomes of its characters' misdeeds, resulting in a lingeringly potent film.
What a dopey excuse for an action thriller.	A disposable piece of action fluff that never satisfies our hunger for fun.	The bazooka was as subtle and witty as the movie.	For all its absurdities (and there are plenty), as a chest beating, hi-octane romp, From Paris With Love is as enlivening and gratifying as they come.	This profusely violent, incoherent, poorly organized, written, directed, and acted, profanity-laden outing is agonizing to sit through.	Thought not without its charms -- chief among them John Travolta's endearingly over-the-top performance -- From Paris with Love is too muddled and disjointed to satisfy.
Traffic is the kind of movie that will probably age rather quickly, but right now, in the first month of the new year and the second year of the new millennium, it resonates in the present tense.	Despite a first-rate all-star cast, the stories never connect or illuminate.	It's wise about different kinds of addiction and concepts of family, about the folly, futility and hypocrisy of anti-drug 'wars', and about the awful human cost of it all. And it grips like a vice from start to end.	There's not a smarter, more demanding American film from the past year.	Traffic is a great film that puts faces on all of those involved in the drug war.	Soderbergh successfully pulls off the highly ambitious Traffic, a movie with three different stories and a very large cast. The issues of ethics are gray rather than black-and-white, with no clear-cut good guys. Terrific acting all around.
It's the Spruce Goose that provides an apt metaphor for this misfire of a movie: It's big and sleek, a thrilling engineering marvel, but it only ever briefly takes flight.	Hughes is the conduit for a titan of moviemaking to meditate gloriously on the power of film and flight to transform a nation, a culture, a world.	N'eut été la distance prise face au personnage principal, le film aurait pu représenter une fusion parfaite du talent de Scorsese et de cinéma grand public.	Tainted or not, Hughes' life was a remarkable one, and, flawed or not, Scorsese's film version deserves the same accolade.	Amongst contemporary American filmmakers, it can only be said perhaps of Martin Scorsese alone that a good movie from him is a disappointment.	With a rich sense of period detail, The Aviator succeeds thanks to typically assured direction from Martin Scorsese and a strong performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, who charts Howard Hughes' descent from eccentric billionaire to reclusive madman.
The first film by a 26-year-old director (Gela Babluani) that feels like the worst of what a 26-year-old director could make.	click for full review [Greek]	While Hostel reeked of xenophobia, 13 notes that often the boogeymen are in our own backyards, and that most are within a few paychecks of falling prey to them.	French art thriller 13 Tzameti has a literal hair-trigger premise, yet it's so lacking in human dimensions that it creates virtually no suspense.	Gela Babluani, according to the film's sparse press kit, is only 26 years old but already knows more about suspense than some filmmakers learn in a career.	This starkly minimalist nail-biter of a thriller relentlessly builds up the tension and keeps the audience guessing.
A seamless comedy about a priggish, upper-crust beauty who finally gets her comeuppance and learns some tolerance.	Just sit back and enjoy romantic comedy at its most sublime.	Excellent casting, a great storyline and a shrp script mean that this remains a classic of the genre and one of Katherine Hepburn's best roles.	Still a sparkling delight.	It has been a long time since Hollywood has spent itself so extravagantly, and to such entertaining effect, upon a straight upper-crust fable, an unblushing apologia for plutocracy.	Offering a wonderfully witty script, spotless direction from George Cukor, and typically excellent lead performances, The Philadelphia Story is an unqualified classic.
The television show offered viewers the pleasure of watching scoundrels being deceived. The movie version is about deception as well, but this time the folks being cheated are all in the audience.	This one has it all - romance, comedy, action and high-spirited adventure!	...an easygoing diversion that could've (and should've) been so much better...	Everyone on board seems to be having enormous fun.	A relatively enjoyable film that updates the western character Brett Maverick.	It isn't terribly deep, but it's witty and undeniably charming, and the cast is obviously having fun.
[The film] tells a remarkable tale of the rise and fall of a toxic utopia that coalesced around an increasingly certifiable leader.	While Jonestown lacks the power of revelation, it's a first-rate piece of journalism, as fascinating and thorough as any magazine article.	This calm and thorough film has just the right attitude and tone to deal with a most incendiary story.	Stanley Nelson revisits the 1978 mass suicide of Jim Jones and his flock in Guyana, savoring the horror but offering no new insights.	...Collects declassified CIA photos, film and audiotapes made by Jones' followers to form an astonishingly complete picture of what happened.	Director Stanley Nelson avoids editorializing and sensationalizing in Jonestown, letting the CIA photos and film speak for themselves, and giving a voice to the surviving victims.
Poignant family dramedy with lots of adult themes.	A mosaic that views parenthood from many different angles and approaches and at times even comes near to restoring something that has been missing from film: some powerful drama.	There are good jokes and funny observations about middle-class life. The picture is too long and predictable, though.	A veritable diaper bag of laughs, it serves best as a sensitive guy's guide to fatherhood.	Encourages us to ponder the awesome, crazy, powerful, and zany vocation of parenting.	Bolstered by a delightful cast, Parenthood is a funny and thoughtfully crafted look at the best and worst moments of family life that resonates broadly.
One long joke about much it would have sucked to live (and die, at a relatively young age), in the Old West.	The comic relief never wears out the dramatic relief, and vice versa. It is low. Come for the sheep whizzing in MacFarlane's face-we're even now for "We Saw Your Boobs." Stay to see Theron handling a battering husband rather aesthetically.	MacFarlane is a very funny dude, and there are times "A Million Ways to Die" is indeed funny. But too often the movie feels half-baked.	Importation of modern sensibilities into olden times is the gimmick, but now and then, MacFarlane forgets himself and just has fun. Once or twice, he even seems to feel something.	Well-meaning sheep farmer runs afoul of ruthless gunfighter. Also, Neil Patrick Harris sh*ts in a hat.	While it offers a few laughs and boasts a talented cast, Seth MacFarlane's overlong, aimless A Million Ways to Die in the West is a disappointingly scattershot affair.
A lot rides on coincidence. Or fate. Or the magic pull of the moon. It all makes sense in the end.	Don't go in expecting Eurotrash art-porn, for the film tells a beautiful and earnestly romantic story.	An adept mood maker, Medem strains madly for cosmic alliances, fairy-tale imagery, and fated coincidences, but he triumphs only with two hot bodies, a cluttered apartment, and a Shower Massage.	So ridiculously overstuffed with rhymes, symbols, metaphors and mystical coincidences that you frequently feel as if you shouldn't be watching it so much as graphing it.	It's a thoughtful film that forces its characters and its viewers to wrestle with the difference between great sex and true intimacy.	Beneath the gratuitous nudity lies a complex and visually striking movie.
Doesn't quite hit a home run, but a nice try	The cinematography is lush, the Randy Newman score is so epic that Hollywood uses it for practically every movie trailer that isn't a Chris Tucker comedy or a Shaft remake, and the period detail, and baseball scenes, are top notch.	Though entertaining in short stretches, The Natural has no recognizable character of its own.	Somewhat overly sentimental, lacking the novel's subtlety, and less interesting when the action leaves the ball park, Barry Levinson's beautifully shot film is nonetheless a charming fairy tale.	unabashedly sentimental and grand in its themes of goodness, honor, tenacity, and forgiveness	Though heavy with sentiment, The Natural is an irresistible classic, and a sincere testament to America's national pastime.
Its primary benefits are held in a quark of arcane visual symbols and cultural criticism.	A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises, Read My Lips is an original. This is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone, but together they are magnificent.	The plot mechanics of Read My Lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller, but the wildly talented Cassel and the unconventionally alluring Devos give this movie a unique feel.	Read My Lips starts with a bang and ends with an orgasm.	It's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be. But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds.	A clever and offbeat character study about two people discovering each other.
There is a lot to ponder, a lot to feel, in this elegiac film.	While this film is awash in talk, providing an outlet for the gamut of filmmaker Arcand's heavy thoughts and ideas, its essential emotional container stays miraculously afloat and reaches its destination.	Arcand finds the heart of the matter in every scene and in each monologue.	If you haven't seen the original, which, if memory serves, was billed as 'The Big Chill with a doctorate,' no worries. Arcand's follow-up stands alone as a universal story of generational reconciliation.	A sharp-witted delight.	A moving and heart-felt film from director Denys Arcand.
A pleasant enough valentine to Rendell's The Tree of Hands, if a story that deals with child abuse and sexual obsession could be described in those terms.	Miller makes the film's sometimes mechanical and giddy narrative into something grander -- a meditation on maternity as a form of inspired madness.	It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense.	This is pretty dicey material. But some unexpected zigs and zags help.	Mezcla de serie negra "a la francesa" con estudio sórdido sobre la maternidad, Betty Fisher posee la estructura cinematográfica que debe tener una película que entrecruza historias como si fueran piezas de un collage que, al final, se juntan.	Alias Betty works both as a gripping thriller and as a precisely drawn character study.
High-Toned, Tragic, Exalted Soap	Quietly shedding all the fussy baggage of 'heritage drama', Campion gives us a moving account of Keats' great love and tragic death. A film of pictorial beauty and authenticity, graced with a fine cast.	a rare pleasure of unrequited love that never dips the poet's ink into the syrup of sentimentality, but rather allows its characters to invest passion from their gently articulated imaginations.	Through a lush filmic vernacular, Campion shows how these two figures were not only fiercely devoted to their work but also kindred spirits.	It's a studied movie that gives itself over to bursts of intensity, and between them sometimes threatens to become as spellbound by its subjects as they become with each other.	Jane Campion's direction is as refined as her screenplay, and she gets the most out of her cast -- especially Abbie Cornish -- in this understated period drama.
This is a well-written, funny, heartwarming film with a nice message about being true to your own dreams.	It reminds you why these formulas are still around, because every now and then, they really do work.	Already a hit in England and other parts of the world, BEND IT LIKE BECKHAM is a charming, upbeat comedic film that should please all. A definite must see.	A colorful, heartfelt film that keeps spinning with new versions of old ideas.	This is a warm fuzzy of a film that'll have you feeling good when you leave the theater.	Inspiring, compassionate, and with a sly undercurrent of social commentary, Bend It Like Beckham is a lively feel-good movie that genuinely charms.
The rather unoriginal script, co-written by Shore and Patrick Wilde (who wrote the stage play upon which the film is based), has roughly an equal number of clever lines and embarrassing clunkers.	Captivating performances and a well-honed, economical script that understands the power of images makes this potentially mawkish sexuality coming of age film both entertaining and insightful.	Feeling like it was filmed in (get) real time, the picture slowly winds its way through sentiments not seen this side of soap operas and bad after-school specials.	The film is grounded in genuine emotions and its knowing humour serves it well. I laughed like a drain.	Shore and Wilde have done an admirable job in re-imagining Wilde's play as a movie, and they've created a wrenching, thoughtful entertainment that incorporates considerable comic relief.	An authentic portrayal of homosexuality in high school, Get Real is an engaging dramedy that doesn't sermonize its audience nor trivialize its characters.
"Sanctum" turns out to be as gripping as plankton.	They say Sanctum was inspired by true events. I can only hope the people in the true event died so they avoid the torture of seeing their story portrayed this way on screen.	"Sanctum" is a soggy mess of a movie.	Silly, soggy but certainly suspenseful, Sanctum is a B-movie pick-me-up.	Suffocatingly bad.	Sanctum is beautifully photographed, and it makes better use of 3-D technology than most, but that doesn't make up for its ham-handed script and lifeless cast.
Undoubtedly this year's most original, involving, and wholly realistic thriller.	One Hour Photo is a meticulously crafted flourescent nightmare [featuring] Robin Williams in one of the strongest performances of his checkered career.	An immaculate study in emotional isolation.	Those people that call One Hour Photo the most disturbing work Robin Williams has ever produced don't know what they're talking about - I saw Patch Adams.	One word which would effectively describe this film's mood to anyone would have to be: uncomfortable.	Robin Williams is very effective in this creepy, well-shot thriller.
Where, under his stainless-steel incorruptibility, was Ness' gnawing flaw? To Mamet and De Palma, goodness and dullness seem inseparable.	...it does not have a great script, great performances or great direction.	Steeped in De Palma's glorious violence and sinuous cinematography, but stripped of his tricky sensuality and his anarchic self-reflective wit.	De Palma's stylish crime-gangster tale is extremely enjoybale in large measure due to the set-pieces and homages to Sergio Leone and Eisenstein, but also to Sean Connery's great performance for which he deservedly won the Supporting Actor Oscar.	The results are watchable enough, with a particularly adept use of Sean Connery, Chicago locations, and period details.	Slick on the surface but loaded with artful touches, Brian DePalma's classical gangster thriller is a sharp look at period Chicago crime, featuring excellent performances from a top-notch cast.
It opens at fever pitch and then starts soaring -- into genetic fantasy, into a precognitive dream of delirium and delight.	[Director] Russell's noisily grandiose swipe at psychedelia embellishes what is no more than the cosily familiar story of the obsessive Scientist Who Goes Too Far and Unwittingly Unleashes, etc.	The film's too aggressively enjoyable to be completely dismissed, though the ending is risible -- I preferred it when this finale was later reconfigured and reused in a-ha's music video for "Take On Me."	Direction by Ken Russell has energy to spare, with appropriate match-up of his baroque visual style to special effects intensive material.	Very intense, very inner self, very self absorbed.	Extraordinarily daring for a Hollywood film, Altered States attacks the viewer with its inventive, aggressive mix of muddled sound effects and visual pyrotechnics.
Passable entertainment, but it's no fun watching the likable, witty Cornelius and Zira become hairy martyrs.	Possibly the least of the series, but certainly not a predictable sequel.	Regarded by some as the best of the Planet of the Apes sequels, maybe even on a par with the 1968 Charlton Heston original itself, this third Apes movie breathes fresh air into [the] series.	Brings just enough of a twist to the series' conventions.	Former actor Don Taylor directs smoothly and efficiently and elicits fine performances from the cast.	One of the better Planet of the Apes sequels, Escape is more character-driven than the previous films, and more touching as a result.
Wait to rent this mixed-bag family film -- it's much cheaper.	Most advertisements possess more creative spunk in their few brief seconds than in all of Cheaper by the Dozen's 98 minutes put together.	Good-natured and nicely suited for family viewing, but too many of the gags and plot points are old and unfunny.	Safe, predictable and thoroughly unexceptional family entertainment of the variety that you could probably find at any time of the day or night on any number of cable television networks.	The warmth, messiness and gentle humor Cheaper offers is nothing to sneeze at.	In this family of twelve children, much chaos ensues, but little hilarity.
I was struck with the thought that I was actually witnessing real people in a real situation instead of actors, that's how well the people in this movie performed.	This brutally honest Romanian satire becomes more humanistic by exploring its absence, depicting a world of arrogance, complacency and indifference to human suffering	... dark and overlong drama ...	blending social commentary with spiritual allegory, it traces one man's nocturnal descent into the Circle of Hell that is Romania's healthcare service	A harsh critique of the modern medical system, and though it takes place specifically in Romania, its events could be easily transferred elsewhere.	Shot in naturalistic style, this is a powerful indictment of absurdity and indifference in the face of human suffering.
There are some people from NYC and there are some people who make NYC. Iris is one of the latter.	Iris is a potent argument against fast fashion, fast anything. And as a quiet cataloging of a couple slowing down and accessorized with wheelchairs, walking sticks, and hands tightly clasped, it becomes a poignant snatch of real-time aging.	The director's way with framing and composition hadn't deserted him even at this late stage - every shot is a box of delights.	Like all of Maysles' works, the structure of Iris is simple and effective. The cameras are left rolling, and the subject is left to her own devices.	The film plays like a refreshingly frank visit with a favorite relative.	A small, insightful feature with a deceptively thoughtful thesis, Iris adds a bittersweet postscript to director Albert Maysles' filmography.
A protest film that disarms the opposition with a feather, not a cudgel...	A look at a supposed enemy that resonates with passions very much like our own.	The delicately subversive [director] Mr. Panahi makes his subjects perfectly clear -- the stupidity of authority, and the hypocrisy of discrimination. Offside is surprisingly entertaining, and edifying to boot.	Greatness is a word often associated with Iranian cinema. But fun? Practically never. Jafar Panahi's exuberant and subversive Offside, however, scores on both points.	The film laughs at the absurdity of banning women from stadiums and tells a slight, droll story in the process.	A spirited film that explores gender politics with comedy, intelligence, and a variety of interesting characters.
More about wacky creatures and spectacular set pieces than emotion and coherent storytelling.	It's be pretty good if it weren't for the nonsensical songs.	For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.	A remarkable achievement.	Plays like The Wizard of Oz or Alice in Wonderland crossed with a middling episode of "The Muppet Show" guest-starring David Bowie … suffers from a distinct lack of charm.	While it's arguably more interesting on a visual level, Labyrinth provides further proof of director Jim Henson's boundless imagination.
Though formally conventional, it carries a powerful message about the reality of life in the inner city and the struggles of thise who live there to break the cycle of violence.	There are moments when The Interrupters feels like a real-life version of The Wire, with weary heroes trudging forever uphill to make their ugly world a slightly better place. The problem is that it's a very repetitive film.	You won't see a movie this year that is more moving, more tragic, more upsetting, more hopeful or more necessary.	Once again, James' trustworthy work demonstrates the power of paying attention.	A massive and compelling tapestry of life on the streets of Chicago.	Impeccably crafted and edited, The Interrupters is a tough and honest documentary about street violence that truly has the power to inspire change.
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue, heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment, and an overly-familiar set of plot devices.	It's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller.	Eastwood returns to the crime beat one more time with rudimentary potboiler material.	Blood Work finds [Eastwood] on auto-pilot -- delivering what we expect so lazily that most of it feels like a bloated tv cop-drama from the 70s.	Efficient but fairly unexciting.	Blood Work is a routine, but competently made thriller marred by lethargic pacing.
Peosay appears to have taken the Dalai Lama's non-violent philosophy to heart. Rather than rage, his film radiates sadness over a singular way of life in danger of imminent obliteration.	A polemic posing as a documentary, but an effective one.	If you're not at least a little bit moved by some of the more heart-rending stories told here, you might need to have your (metaphorical) heart checked.	So thorough is the cinematic journalism that you'll swiftly forget what a challenge it must have been to document or simulate all of the key moments in a story that spans thousands of years of history.	Despite its undeniably moving, and enlightening, moments, the film eventually tips into pedagogy.	Makes no effort to do more than present one side of its story, but does it so passionately and persuasively that the viewer almost cannot help but be moved.
...turns things upside down for a horror movie - you want to be alone in the dark.	I operate under the belief that horror movies should be scary or, at the very least, surprising. The Eye is neither of those, although it is diverting and not without some entertaining moments. I'm on this fence about this one.	One can't turn a blind eye to such conspicuous failings.	Seeing isn't believing.	Terrible direction, forgettable performances, and writers who are so faithful to the source material that they even pick up the original film's plot holes...	Featuring wooden performances and minimal scares, The Eye is another tedious remake of an Asian horror film.
Captures the resourcefulness and fragility of human nature with a consistently sharp eye that proves truly mesmerizing.	It shows how, in the cosmic scheme of things, disconnected acts and people do connect. And that they inalterably change each other.	The actors really draw you into their Conversations and make you want to know what their sentence in life will be.	It works in fits and starts, but you never shake the feeling that it's trying too hard.	"13 Conversations" holds its goodwill close, but is relatively slow to come to the point.	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is an intelligent and poignant look at lives intersecting.
Hot enough to have been banned in its home country, and resonant enough to command our watchful participation.	A fascinating whydunit.	Quietly brilliant psychological drama.	Not an overtly political filmmaker, Panahi's intense and intimate portrayals of people trapped, like Hussein, behind visible and invisible barriers are oblique but nevertheless scathing commentaries on Iranian society.	Jafar Panahi's "Crimson Gold" is a worthy entry into the pantheon of that country's contribution to the art of filmmaking.	A slow-burning, riveting film about Iranian class differences.
Despite a few laggard moments of slow going, Ritchie has pulled off an entertaining coup in giving us a Holmes for the 21st century by digging back to the 19th century original and adding a few bells and whistles.	... Sherlock Holmes for the ADD generation, jerking and twitching like a crank freak itching for his next sniff.	Not a great film by any stretch of the imagination, director Guy Ritchie's full-speed-ahead effort still qualifies as decent holiday-season fare.	Like Ritchie's best films, this gets the job done as both an intriguing plot puzzle and a bouncy, entertaining romp.	Elementary, my dear -- as in, that's what Ritchie's spirited but superficial version of Arthur Conan Doyle's iconic detective ends up being.	Guy Ritchie's directorial style might not be quite the best fit for an update on the legendary detective, but Sherlock Holmes benefits from the elementary appeal of a strong performance by Robert Downey, Jr.
Fraser, who at 39 looks perhaps five years older than this kid, needed a wholesome offspring-sidekick like a third arm. Then again, it's not clear that the world needed a third Mummy movie.	obviously the low-grade stuff: users will get their fix but recognize it's been cut too thin, no matter how many bells and whistles were crammed into the mainframe.	While plenty of arrows zing, few of the wisecracks or familial confessions in Alfred Gough's and Miles Millar's script hit their mark.	None of the action sequences generate any excitement at all and the in-between stuff is so wilfully nutty that it falls completely flat.	Makes me miss Uwe Boll.	With middling CG effects and a distinct lack of fun, The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor finds the series past its prime.
[A] complex, occasionally riveting film that may fulfill Gaghan's purpose ... but will leave many viewers wondering what just happened.	Syriana best movie of the year	Stephen Gaghan doesn't try to explain everything that is going on, allowing the viewer to decide who is good, bad or in shades of gray.	Syriana is a challenging, thought-provoking work about the downward spiral of oil dependence throughout the world. It's just the thing to make you consider a hybrid for your garage or solar panels for your roof.	An intelligent dissection of the business, politics, emotions and conspiracies of the global oil industry that edifies as much as it entertains.	Ambitious, complicated, intellectual, and demanding of its audience, Syriana is both a gripping geopolitical thriller and wake-up call to the complacent.
Why do you suppose they called it The World Is Not Enough? The world was more than enough for these underachieving villains.	Mind-numbing, formulaic twaddle.	Of the cast, Carlyle is the real standout.	Pierce Brosnan has finally settled into the role of James Bond.	"Unless you are James Bond fan, you can skip this one. If you never miss a Bond Flick then by all means see this one, but it's pretty bad.	Plagued by mediocre writing, uneven acting, and a fairly by-the-numbers plot, The World Is Not Enough is partially saved by some entertaining and truly Bond-worthy action sequences.
When everything starts being explained, the mystery evaporates and the world of the game loses its eerie bafflement.	Visually arresting but only sporadically enthralling.	As a fluke, I took my mom (also named Rose) to the screening. She doesn't like SF or horror and doesn't even know what a video game is, yet she ended up really liking it! How weird is that?	Director Christophe Gans charges, hell-bent, right over the plot and winds up with not much more than an oppressive 125-minute running time.	The latest, most ambitious and perhaps least comprehensible video game adaptation in recent memory.	Silent Hill is visually impressive, but as with many video game adaptations, it's plagued by inane dialogue, a muddled plot, and an overlong runtime.
A fascinating character study.	Bobby can be seen as spiritual descendant of Melville's scrivener Bartleby, preferring not to participate in a world to which he doesn't subscribe.	Boasting a career best performance by Jack Nicholson in the lead role, Rafelson's movie is a penetrating study of American alienation.	The flaws of this acutely self-conscious 1970 road picture grow more obvious with every passing year, but so does its passion and eloquence.	Both spirited road movie and existential journey.	An important touchstone of the New Hollywood era, Five Easy Pieces is a haunting portrait of alienation that features one of Jack Nicholson's greatest performances.
Arguably still the most solid 'origin' and emotion-churning superhero story on the big screen.	Christopher Reeve essays the title role and makes it his own, combining correctly chiseled features with a likable comic humanity, while the film itself nicely balances special effects with the romance of Superman and Lois Lane.	The most influential, if not definitive comic book superhero origin story we'll ever see.	The person we will remember the most is Christopher Reeve as Superman, and this is the way he should be remembered . . . You will still believe a man can fly.	Still stands as one of the finest Superhero Movies ever made ... and I suspect it always will.	Superman deftly blends humor and gravitas, taking advantage of the perfectly cast Christopher Reeve to craft a loving, nostalgic tribute to an American pop culture icon.
"Lore" is the sort of movie you'd already expect to rip your heart out, but that doesn't diminish the tragedy when it does arrive.	A languid, poetic but emotionally powerful work, which reaffirms Cate Shortland's talent behind the camera and announces a promising new talent in its lead actress.	If "Lore" is an upsetting and uncomfortable film set in a morally bleak landscape, it also offers a guardedly optimistic vision of the possibility of human change.	Shortland composes her shots with great elegance. Adam Arkapaw's damp, saturated photography is gorgeous. Götterdämmerung has rarely been so quietly compelling.	The artist makes the choices that she makes and that's her prerogative and it's my prerogative to be alienated by those choices.	Newcomer Saskia Rosendahl gives an astonishingly assured performance in the title role, and director Cate Shortland establishes a delicate, disturbingly ominous tone in the powerful World War II drama Lore.
Anyone who's ever been a fan of the Clash or Strummer's music should be fascinated by this comprehensive look at his eccentric life.	The late punk rock legend Joe Strummer is rendered fully human in Julian Temple's engrossing and all-encompassing portrait.	Compelling viewing, even for people who don't care a bit for the punk scene.	Julian Temple has paid proper homage to one of rock's most important artists.	Miracle of miracles, a valuable portrait of Strummer manages to emerge from the chaos, helped by the film's one consistent thread: tapes of a BBC World Service radio show he hosted in his final years.	Displaying Joe Strummer warts and all, The Future is Unwritten succeeds as both an engrossing documentary and a comprehensive examination of one of music's most legendary figures.
Michael Cera can't forever play a teenage boy in search of lust. That's a shame, because there are a lot of lousy movies in this genre, and he's in the good ones.	Youth in Revolt is a teen fantasy filled with lust, imagination, frustration and lots of laughs, artfully made and superbly played.	Cera's Nick is like a lot of the actor's previous roles -- mild-mannered, smarter than everyone else -- but Cera's nimble performance keeps his frequently mean character from seeming mean.	A little too manic for its own good, Youth in Revolt is restless and unruly. Too often forcibly mean-spirited, it only elicits a handful of genuine laughs.	Arteta commits to the lasciviousness, turning Youth in Revolt into more of a self-aware, comedic adaptation of Scott Spencer's Endless Love, which was originally botched by Franco Zeffireli.	It may not entirely do its source material justice, but Miguel Arteta's Youth in Revolt is a fun, funny comic romp that lets Michael Cera stretch a little and introduces filmgoers to a major find in Portia Doubleday.
Nowadays, the film's technical achievements take center stage; its astonishing 'montage' editing techniques (which Eisenstein wrote about at length) still get the blood pumping.	It is still a pleasure to view again a film which, without fully knowing it, wrote the grammar of cinema.	Packs so much eye-and-heart power that its abrupt ending seems to come hard on the opening rather than an hour-and-a-third later.	If you are at all interested in the history of cinema, or the influence of 20th century politics on the medium, then this film is a must-see, although over an hour of Soviet propaganda is likely to test the patience of modern viewers.	Edward Tissé's camerawork remains impressive, and there's no doubt that the whole is a technical tour de force, but the obsession with forces of power, as opposed to individual experience, is ultimately oppressive.	A technical masterpiece, Battleship Potemkin is Soviet cinema at its finest, and its montage editing techniques remain influential to this day.
a blistering (and often funny) critique of conservative family traditionalism intruding on the realm of romantic love	A deliciously mordant, bitter black comedy.	This film feels truly lived in, and guides us without ever feeling manipulative or calculating. The performances are naturalistic and utterly convincing.	Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love.	Late Marriage is not a one-level film, and one of its most revealing moments shows the strong-minded mother expressing respect for the equally iron-willed Judith.	An observant black comedy about arranged marriages and tradition.
Rude in the way the truth is rude -- only funnier.	Shockingly dark and nasty take on the Red Riding Hood tale.	Freeway glints here and there with dark humor amounting to a knowing wink that undercuts the cautionary tale at its heart and the seriousness of its graphic sociology.	Freeway somehow manages to be hip, imaginative and hilarious. Road film, comedy, prison drama and Oliver Stone's Natural Born Killers all rolled into one.	It's just the sort of thing Oliver Stone strove so hard to achieve in Natural Born Killers, and [writer/director Matthew] Bright pulls it off effortlessly.	A modern update on the tale of Little Red Riding Hood, Freeway is an audacious black comedy with a star-making performance from the young Reese Witherspoon.
Certainly scary and nerve-wracking, but it's also ham-fisted and monotonous; to call Fresnadillo et al. powerful filmmakers would be like calling the movie's "infected" cannibals gourmet diners.	Bigger action, more amazing deserted (and devastated) London sequences and biting contemporary relevance, if a touch less heart than the original.	deft and stylish	For horror buffs, "28 Weeks Later" is the film to see now. It opens with a shock of promise and, with few exceptions, it sustains it.	Director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo hurns out a straightforward cinematic gorefest that's competent and repulsive but not much else.	While 28 Weeks Later lacks the humanism that made 28 Days Later a classic, it's made up with fantastic atmosphere and punchy direction.
The best family film since Whale Rider.	A deft blend of fantastic noodling and astute psychological drama.	Burton shows the rivalry between father and son but not the rancor, which seems to fit with the film's calm lyricism. But the father-son conflict is meant as the dramatic crux, and a forceful actor would have given it some much-needed bite.	En una dimensión más amplia y personal, Burton explora la problemática padre-hijo y el aspecto legendario en la vida de cada hombre.	For all its occasionally sputtering puffery, Big Fish's tales are woolly and waggish enough to tickle your fancy for two hours.	A charming father-and-son tale filled with typical Tim Burton flourishes.
Observing the conventions of the millennial thriller, it succeeds in amping up the suspense. Yet it never fully engages the ethical conflicts it raises.	Ripped-from-the-headlines realism, top-drawer performances by Don Cheadle and Guy Pearce, a dandy 'ticking clock' story structure and a vast catalog of terrorist modus operandi make this as harrowing as it is timely.	The filmmakers, I think, got in over their heads and couldn't decide whether they were making an action thriller or a drama of conscience; they wound up flubbing both.	The script seldom rises above formula, but its respectful treatment of Islam is both unusual and welcome.	Don Cheadle is such a good actor. If he were more of a showboat, he would be a bigger star. But he remains the go-to man for a film like this.	Despite another reliable performance from Don Cheadle, Traitor suffers from too many cliches and an unfocused narrative.
A wholesome, genuinely heartfelt, sweet and uplifting story that everyone, young and old, can easily fall in love with.	Though...an improvement on [Reiner's] recent efforts, it's still too frail and cutesy to be much more than passable.	A minor pleasure that will strike a lot of moviegoers -- those who think no one makes movies for them anymore -- as a major treat.	Flipped is essentially a Hail Mary pass designed to remind us that director, producer and co-screenwriter Reiner is the guy who made Stand By Me.	Rob Reiner's best effort in more than ten years.	While not without its nostalgic charms, Rob Reiner's sometimes awkward adaptation of Wendelin Van Draanen's childhood novel doesn't reach the heights of the director's earlier work like Stand By Me.
The Fall is wholly beguiling, an utterly transportive piece of filmmaking as dazzling in its visual audacity as it is in its spartan simplicity.	A bewitching movie, rich in ideas and humanity, and it reminds us that fiction is real to the one who imagines it. Adults might read with detachment, but kids know the truth: It matters who lives and who dies in a story. It matters for them, and for us.	But The Fall defies low expectations, proving the director can now partner his exquisite pictures with a ripping yarn.	If the human details are often problematic, the IMAX-grade bombast, ceremonial camera, and Jodorowsky-esque eclecticism still combine for a singular spectacle.	It's such an exotic, fanciful story, so loony and imaginative and outre ... that the crazier it gets, the more intrigued I am.	More visually elaborate than the fragmented story can sometimes support, The Fall walks the line between labor of love and filmmaker self-indulgence.
This proudly grave kid-lit adaptation seems destined to disappoint at the box office but be remembered as a lifetime favorite by a few million Goths in training.	More sophisticated than that in your average family funfest.	The kids are plucky and fun, and the dark, fantasy production values come fresh from a Burton movie or a Charles Addams or Edward Gorey cartoon.	The best-looking movie of the year.	A phantasmagoric family film with both bite and heart.	Although it softens the nasty edges of its source material, Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a gothic visual treat, and it features a hilariously manic turn from Jim Carrey as the evil Count Olaf.
If we're not suffering poo-flinging or butt-biting, we get the theme songs from Chariots of Fire and Hawaii Five-O.	The painted backgrounds, basic characters, and distinctive locations all give Madagascar the feel of a Caldecott award-winning book.	A film that is very nearly not very good at all.	A likeable and loose-limbed addition to the ever-growing CGI family.	Lesson learned? If you're insufferable, unfunny and charmless in live action, your voice alone is probably just as annoying	Though its story is problematic in spots and its humor is hit-or-miss for the adult crowd, Madagascar boasts impressive visuals and enough spunky charm to keep children entertained.
A daring, dark satire strewn with allusions to modern times.	It's stark and chilly, with an oddly engaging death's-mask grin.	One thing's certain: This is no swoony love story. It intoxicates all the same.	It illustrates, both bluntly and gently, the stultifying trap of male influence.	If this is intended as a sly satire of Romanticism's extremes it works a treat.	Amour Fou risks overpowering its deceptively impactful story with its remarkable visuals, but ultimately forms a fascinating whole.
Yellow Dog is engaging, if familiar, viewing.	The unobtrusive visual style respects both the human characters and the wider landscape, with Davaa shooting her compositions in medium and long shot.	If you've never seen a yurt taken down, I highly recommend it. Otherwise, not so much.	At the same time, [director Byambasuren] Davaa also concentrates blissfully on those fleeting moments of life that most movies excise in favor of forwarding the plot. This gentle, observant storytelling is perfectly appropriate for kids.	Thanks to some ace photography, the beautiful Mongolian wilderness also has a strong presence.	A sparse, hauntingly beautiful journey across continents and cultures.
The raw visceral pleasures are enough to carry the film past some clunky melodrama that bloats the film to a two-hour-plus run time.	Adapted from the manga of the same title, this 2003 action flick tracks the blood-spurting adventures of its title character, a young female assassin who wields a lethally mean sword.	Nothing can lift the glaze from your eyes through the endlessly recurring hokey fight scenes of the movie's interminable 128-minute running time.	An uneven effort overall that when it is working has a strange, engaging energy that is often overturned by an uncertain staidness.	Overdone and overlong, but its lunatic flavor -- check out Joe Odagiri's Tiny Tim as ninja sadist -- saves the day.	This adaptation of the popular manga series offers exquisitely choreographed violence -- and little else.
The romantic subplot is underwritten and overwrought. More compelling is ... the impressively harrowing mountain footage.	North Face" is something of an old-fashioned epic shot with modern wisdom and technique, a man vs. nature flick that also weighs the importance of the individual vs. the social while exposing the mean cost of vicarious thrills.	Five writers were responsible for the script, and the characters consequently have one or two generic characteristics and no inner life of their own; they've been committeed to death.	Very likely the best movie ever made about mountain climbing, with some barbed commentary on life under Nazism.	Cleverly playing on the genre's propagandistic ties to the Third Reich, the film reflects the tragic arc of National Socialism in each ominous crevasse and in every grandiloquent gesture.	A tense and gripping spectacular piece of snow-bound historical German film-making.
Tacky and cartoonish.	Setting aside an allright speedboat spectacular over land and water, the film is both perfunctory and predictable -- leaving the mind free to wander into the question of its overall taste. Or lack of it.	Where is SPECTRE when you need it?	I know I probably shouldn't like Live and Let Die, but I do. This crackpot entry, the eighth, in the long-running James Bond series, is figuratively all over the map...[Blu-ray]	So-so '70s Bond entry has sex, drugs, action violence.	While not one of the highest-rated Bond films, Live and Let Die finds Roger Moore adding his stamp to the series with flashes of style and an improved sense of humor.
Phone-it-in performances suggest the paycheck was their only motivation for contributing to this cinematic equivalent of a train wreck!	The scariest thing about this appalling and seemingly endless movie is that you paid for your ticket and now have to sit through it.	A muddled spiritual thriller!	Funky style, funkier soundtrack!	The real sacrilege is letting neophyte director Rupert Wainwright play minister to such a hopelessly convoluted script!	The story is unconvincing and the acting is weak.
Somewhere between John Updike and "Knott's Landing," this is suburban angst and adultery, with meaningful glances, inexpressible longing, fumbled groping, and hangovers.	A bookish picture without a book's depth.	We Don't Live Here Anymore manages to get at some difficult truths ... but there's a certain distance to it that prevents it from being a truly heart-wrenching film.	An all-star cast and graceful direction can't quite make this more than another tale of lust and life.	Portrays domestic discord with a squirmy accuracy that's a workable substitute for conceptual freshness.	We Don't Live Here Anymore is often overly moody and grim, but it's made watchable by the strong performances for its four principal actors.
Only the irrepressible Luis Guzmán, stuck in a walk-on bit as the stereotypical mooching Hispanic, is able to milk this cash cow and exit with his dignity intact.	A great opportunity to gather family members you clearly think are stupid.	A trip to the vets is needed, to have this dog of a movie, quietly put down.	Travolta, who delivers an impressively enthusiastic performance, seems to have no idea that he's stuck in one of the year's worst movies. The perpetually pained expression on Williams' face, however, suggests he knows otherwise.	...a morass of cliche, crotch shots and utter disregard for both logic and the audience. Walt Disney and poor Bernie Mac must be turning over in their graves.	Its cast tries hard, but Old Dogs is a predictable, nearly witless attempt at physical comedy and moral uplift that misses the mark on both counts.
The movie is both timeless and indicative of its own era, a period of anti-establishment movements.	Is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest not a great film because it is manipulative, or is it great because it is so superbly manipulative? I can see it through either filter.	Who would argue that Cuckoo's Nest isn't one of the most profound and tragic movies ever made?	Brilliant Nicholson turn...and Fletcher's nurse is one of film's best villains.	As direct and simple as it is funny and moving, this is a masterpiece of dramatic naturalism.	The onscreen battle between Jack Nicholson and Louise Fletcher serves as a personal microcosm of the culture wars of the 1970s -- and testament to the director's vision that the film retains its power more than three decades later.
While Adam Sandler remains a performer of endless charisma, his choice of material is growing increasingly questionable as the years pass.	It's rather sad that the only laughs to come from this comedy are when its dramatic moments fail so much.	Click has its heart in the right place but its head in the toilet, and thus works against itself despite some great moments.	Click is perfectly watchable, sometimes funny, and occasionally even touching. But it will be better when you can see it on DVD and fast-forward through all the crummy stuff.	... the broad humor expected in a Sandler production ... fart jokes, mild naughtiness ... clashes with the tone when things turn serious	This latest Adam Sandler vehicle borrows shamelessly from It's A Wonderful Life and Back To The Future, and fails to produce the necessary laughs that would forgive such imitation.
... Bodrov's engaging vision of Genghis Khan in several moments almost feels like the silent movie epics by the Russian cinematic pioneer Sergei Eisenstein.	This - the first of a trilogy - is a coming-of-age story about the nomadic lad who eventually became the great warrior, Genghis Khan.	History's greatest subjugator finally gets the respect he deserves with a no-nonsense drama and an all-Asian cast, shot in the very lands he once ravaged.	Mongol is the first film of a proposed trilogy that charts his conquest of half the known world. If the sequels match this one, they can't come soon enough.	[It's] as good as most of this year's American would-be blockbusters, but it might've been far more interesting if the filmmakers had either left the Hollywood mold or embraced it with reckless abandon.	The sweeping Mongol mixes romance, family drama, and enough flesh-ripping battle scenes to make sense of Ghenghis Khan's legendary stature.
How this movie successfully strikes a balance between the moods of its predecessors, the tragic El Mariachi and the silly Desperado, is notable.	For all it's flash and dazzle "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" is too episodic and splintered, but a potential spinoff for Depp's blind assassin could be promising	This filmic vagabond offers up his material as amusement, by spoofing his own script and channeling the ghosts of Cinema Past.	...one of the best times you'll have at the movies this year.	Even when Mexico isn't exactly making sense, it's still a blast to watch for its sheer chutzpah.	Violent, pulpy, loopy fun, with Depp stealing the show.
It comes across as a life-affirming story of how people can not just survive but thrive even through such a bizarre upbringing, above all though the life-enhancement of film.	A strange, fascinating documentary...	It does, in the end, offer a remarkable testament to that most enduring of all movie clichés: the power of the human spirit.	A profoundly compelling yet far-from-unimpeachable piece of doc making.	Moselle is also a patient observer who, without judgment or superfluous underlining, gradually teases out the pathos and the riveting dramas -- some dark and disturbing, some bizarrely entertaining and heartening -- of the parents.	Offering a unique look at modern fears and our fascination with film, The Wolfpack is a fascinating -- and ultimately haunting -- urban fable.
Yhe overall effect is akin to channel-hopping between "Slaughterhouse-Five" and "Somewhere in Time" late one night while under the effects of an extra helping of Nyquil.	It's even more inane and sitting up begging to be loved than Benjamin Button.	Rarely does a movie make me so dearly wish I could come unstuck in time.	Perhaps the book fills in the blanks and emotional beats, but this Wife isn't really worth your time or travel.	In the final analysis the film fails to make much sense at all.	Though it may satisfy fans of the novel, The Time Traveler's Wife's plot contrivances and illogical narrative hamper its big screen effectiveness.
With an unforgettable opening sequence in which our hero flees through a trap-filled tunnel from a great ball of rock, Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a film which wastes no time and never lets go of our attention.	One of the all-time great films.	The film that enchanted a generation and made Ford an action hero.	Most viewers are powerless to resist the kinetic pleasures of this endlessly inventive action adventure.	Spielberg brings his signature blend of action/adventure and humor to the film, celebrating its 19th anniversary with this re-release.	Featuring bravura set pieces, sly humor, and white-knuckle action, Raiders of the Lost Ark is one of the most consummately entertaining adventure pictures of all time.
A good portion of this sci-fi disaster movie is unintentionally comical. And the parts that aren't funny are just plain dull.	It's a flat, lifeless story with a flat, lifeless lead. Humans are flawed, humans are beautiful, the Earth is dying ... it really feels like we've been here before.	Overall, this rehash, from the unheralded team of screenwriter David Scarpa and director Scott Derrickson, is better than expected, updating and revising its inspiration in often interesting ways.	Many fans of the original will hate it. A pity. Because it redocorates the tale while remaining true to its theme. Keanu Reeves plays Klaatu with all the expressiveness of a wok. I have never seen a wok better portrayed.	The new Day the Earth Stood Still lacks the courage of its own eco-pessimism, and the final scenes play like a rushed, embarrassed concession to our need for happy endings, no matter how far-fetched.	Heavy on special effects, but without a coherent story at its base, The Day the Earth Stood Still is subpar re-imagining of the 1951 science-fiction classic.
The trouble with The Ref is that it keeps running out of steam, so it seems to develop a new plot wrinkle every seven minutes. Typically, it'll run through the new idea until it runs out of steam again, then invents yet another one.	Almost good. Emphasis on the 'almost.'	This is a funny idea, but the movie is too thinly written to build any real credibility, and the cast rarely seems in tune with the vapid vulgarities that dominate the dialogue.	I thought the pacing was off and the characters were drawn too purely dark.	This is one holiday party you'll want to miss.	Undeniably uneven and too dark for some, The Ref nonetheless boasts strong turns from Denis Leary, Judy Davis, and Kevin Spacey, as well as a sharply funny script.
Daddy Day Care doesn't rank with the most awful of the Murphy turkeys, but it's definitely flat as a pancake, fueled by bathroom humor, listless pratfalls and recycled, borderline-offensive jokes about the ineptitude of men as caretakers.	Maybe it's about time Murphy fired his agent and tried reviving his career.	In child-care terms, it's a basic babysitting service rather than a top-quality preschool.	...doesn't offer much beyond cute faces and forgettable poop jokes.	The most astonishing thing about Daddy Day Care, a comedy that would have to work harder even to justify the appellation uninspired, is that a kick in the groin is now a joke for toddlers.	Daddy Day Care does its job of babysitting the tots. Anyone older will probably be bored.
Extraordinary.	With each frame filled to bursting point with visual detail and multiplaned design, plus razor-sharp cutting that often eliminates transitions, it's not a movie you can afford to take your eyes off for a second.	Lyrical, strange, gorgeous, and pretty darn hypnotic.	If City of Lost Children lacks something in narrative innovation, it's plainly invested in picking through the mucky ugliness that supports these familiar moral configurations.	The City of Lost Children is as visually striking and daringly offbeat as its predecessor.	Not all of its many intriguing ideas are developed, but The City of Lost Children is an engrossing, disturbing, profoundly memorable experience.
tha htane to pio thaymasio spotaki yper ths eythanasias se periptwsh ektetamenhs egkefalikhs atrofias, an den htane hdh fortwmeno mexri naytias apo ta mhnymata oswn sponsonarane persi ton eortasmo ths prwtoxronias	Colossal waste of talent and time.	As Winston Churchill might have said, never have so many done so little for so many with such dreary results	The cinematic equivalent of a glass of flat champagne.	Make it your New Year's resolution to see something other than "New Year's Eve."	Shallow, sappy, and dull, New Year's Eve assembles a star-studded cast for no discernible purpose.
A rather unsettling mix of light and dark, which robs it of power and causes it to become muddled.	I read of thousands of women from Eastern Europe who are lured into virtual slavery. I hope some of their clients will attend this movie, even if for the wrong reasons, and see what they are responsible for.	One of the better films -- in any language -- you'll see this year.	Akinshina, a beauty on the order of Anna Kournikova, is a terrific actress who manages, amid the bleakness of her scenes, to create a fully dimensional portrait of a confused teenager who loses her innocence and virtually all hope, but never her pride.	This sober, unsparing drama, strong if unambitious, is probably as perfectly characteristic a specimen of serious European filmmaking as any movie ever made.	A tragic, hard-hitting story about a teenager trapped in a life of prostitution.
Leaves you pleasantly tantalized.	If nothing else, The Illusionist is worth watching solely for Giamatti's Oscar-caliber performance.	While Burger's screenplay isn't always graceful, the movie's lovely enough that you might not notice.	The pleasure of The Illusionist lies in its luxuriant belief in old-fashioned verities like character and storytelling; it's as thin as a sheet of marbled endpaper and as cleanly crafted.	so much disappointment, tinged with boredom.	The Illusionist is an engrossing, well-crafted story of mystery, magic and intrigue that is certain to enchant, if not hypnotize, audiences.
...rambles heedlessly from cliche to cliche...	Possibly the least provocative hip-hop movie ever that didn't star Lil' Bow Wow, Feel The Noise is the kind of feel-good/kid-with-a-dream-overcomes-the-odds story we're used to seeing starring white kids named Hilary or Lance.	...a music-fueled drama with far less substance than most CD liner notes.	It's hard to fault a screenwriter for cramming every idea he's ever had about anything into his first movie for fear there won't be a second.	First-time screenwriter Albert Leon appears to have turned for music industry insight not to his famous producer (who has no excuses) but to other music-themed movies (Mariah Carey's Glitter, perhaps?).	Despite the different musical genre, Feel the Noise is as generic as any music-themed film that has come before it.
If he's schooling punks on Dance Dance Revolution or making out with Shirley Jones, Nick Swardson steals every scene he's in, giving the material a distinctive twist through unexpected line delivery and crack comic timing.	While '06 is still young, chances are, 12 months from now, Grandma's Boy will rank as one of the year's worst comedies. Munich offers more laughs.	Grandma's Boy combines pot-smoking, big breasts, African bushmen, octogenarians, video-gaming techno-geeks--and one inappropriate masturbation scene--in one feel-good movie perfect for teenage boys. If they can get in, that is.	An Adam Sandler movie without Adam Sandler, it turns out, is not necessarily an improvement.	Grandma's Boy is a better series of spoofs than anything we currently see on that show. It's an affectionate and tight-knit comedy.	A gross-out comedy that's more gross than comedic, Grandma's Boy is lazy and unrewarding.
There are some mild pleasures to be had on a first-time watch, but repeated viewings are sure to decay with time.	A cerebral sci-fi time-travel puzzler that proves consistently engrossing and, for all its contrivance and complication, satisfying.	Snook is exceptionally good as Jane/John, serving as the beating heart underneath the film's temporal gamesmanship.	This is a deeply solipsistic movie, but how deep is something you'll need to find out for yourself.	The film effectively underlines the one undertaking that time-travel fantasies can never truly allow: escape from ourselves.	Fun genre fare with uncommon intelligence, Predestination serves as a better-than-average sci-fi adventure -- and offers a starmaking turn from Sarah Snook.
[A] training-bra of a flick designed to indoctrinate tweens with the estrogen-drenched sappiness of 'women's pop culture'...	For all its good intentions, this Sisterhood is divine.	This is a film that pre-teen and young teen girls -- and for that matter, any woman who remembers being 16 -- will love. Others are likely to be teeth-gritting their way through it.	It sounds like a touchy-feely Gap commercial, but this fantastical premise jars with a refreshingly realistic look at girls making the tricky transition to womanhood.	It's the girly equivalent of a midsummer Bruckheimer extravaganza -- a roller-coaster ride to the edge of total (emotional, natch) devastation that makes the happy ending that much more reassuring and cozy.	This adaptation of a beloved novel charms with its heartwarming tale of friendship and young adulthood; realistic portrayals of the lives of teenage girls lend the comedy-drama sincerity, and may capture hearts outside the female-centric demographic.
Science fiction horror doesn't get any better than this.	...a seminal feminist action flick.	It scares us despite our knowing what is coming.	A movie masterpiece. And on the big screen, the chestburster scene just kills.	Ridley Scott's Alien is nothing short of a masterpiece. Technically brilliant, tense, horrifying and visually breathtaking, there's not a moment in this B-monster movie that doesn't excel well beyond the usual genre trappings.	A modern classic, Alien blends science fiction, horror and bleak poetry into a seamless whole.
The script takes leave of reality at an early stage, and it all becomes increasingly daft and humourless with each scene.	After suffering endless abuse, Daniel wins with just a few well placed whacks: those expecting standard wish-fulfilment fantasy will be disappointed that (in tune with the philosophy, of course) he didn't give the punk a pasting.	A performance from Macchio so irritating that the goodwill left over from the The Karate Kid is gone in a finger-snap.	The unevenness of The Karate Kid movies reaches its peak in The Karate Kid Part III...	With its sluggish script and unaging characters, The Karate Kid Part III has the rote sense of film makers trying to crank out another moneymaker.	Inspiration is in short supply in this third Karate Kid film, which recycles the basic narrative from its predecessors but adds scenery-chewing performances and a surprising amount of violence.
...a series of rim shots in search of a punch line.	The film has its moments, but clearly not nearly enough of them to make this effort anywhere as fun or funny as its predecessor.	No sooner had I left the theater than I already started to fughedaboutit.	Robert De Niro and Billy Crystal made a surprisingly good comedy team in Analyze This. They're still amusing in the follow-up, but this time the result is forced and dull.	"Analyze That" is one of those crass, contrived sequels that not only fails on its own, but makes you second-guess your affection for the original.	The one joke premise is stretched a bit thin in this messy sequel, but a few laughs can be had here and there.
Russian born Perelman has given ... more fully to the foreigner..., but the universal desire for land ownership has never been more lamentably depicted.	Triste e moralmente complexo, o filme se encaixa com perfeiзгo no Grande Tema de 2003: o drama familiar.	Creepy and unpleasant, this movie makes you feel like you need to take a shower after watching it -- or just simply want to kill yourself.	Kingsley's skill is ours to enjoy throughout this film, which opens our eyes so we can squint through the fog.	A very good film with a special performance by Ben Kingsley.	Powerful and thought provoking film.
An atmospheric and nightmarish vampire film...	One of the best vampire movies ever made....if you liked "The Lost Boys", you'll love this!	Still by far Bigelow's best film, this seductive vampire tale is suffused with the unique beauty of the SouthWest and eerie pacing that enrich the narrative and elevate it to a reverie about the sanctity and unity of the family.	A subtle study in the seductiveness of evil and a terrifying ride to the edge of darkness.	The great Kathryn Bigelow made her solo directorial debut, and managed to emphasize the relationships between the characters while using the gory showstoppers as support.	Near Dark is at once a creepy vampire film, a thrilling western, and a poignant family tale, with humor and scares in abundance.
Its sprawling, episodic process evokes the history-as-imagistic mosaic employed by T.S. Eliot, whose work is referenced brazenly and repeatedly throughout the film.	The movie didn't 'need' to be lengthened, but it's great to see the cut footage.	Coppola leaves untouched the one section that cried out for a new edit - the murky finale that puts the "near" in "near masterpiece.	The movie has aged well.	It is now a richer, fuller film, if still something short of the longed-for masterpiece.	The additional footage slows down the movie somewhat (some say the new cut is inferior to the original), but Apocalypse Now Redux is still a great piece of cinema.
It took many, many years before I fully processed just how impressive a technical feat Who Framed Roger Rabbit actually is.	The feats performed by director Robert Zemeckis and director of animation Richard Williams are pretty amazing.	While flawlessly delivered, it's overkill -- so loud and excessive, it makes our head swim.	The combination detective noir story, slightly adult humour, crazy toon characters from both Warner & Disney's vaults (a one-off which is unlikely to ever repeat) and overall technical wizardy yielded a film which set a precedent.	Visually stunning and creatively superior, Zemeckis's work is frequently staggering and always entertaining.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an innovative and entertaining film that features a groundbreaking mix of live action and animation, with a touching and original story to boot.
[I continue] to cling stubbornly to the dowdy notion that kids deserve better than a sugarcoated portrait of our past or, for that matter, our present.	This is the kind of girls' film that the dads out there won't mind taking their daughters to and, I say, will enjoy it as well.	The packaging looks good for the most part. But there's still some assembly required.	When I have children, this is the kind of movie I hope they will like. It's intelligent, it's meaningful, and it doesn't condescend to kids. In fact, it actually encourages kids to think.	Frankly, they are lucky to have this cast. Breslin pretty much charms her way through some rough patches, and both Cusack and Tucci provide welcome comic relief.	Refreshingly sweet and sincere, Kit's doll-and-book-inspired do-good mystery may be geared towards the tween girl but will please audiences of all ages.
[I]f you're looking for logic, abandon all hope. This is a movie where the dead come back to life as zombies and our heroes decide to take a shortcut through a cemetery.	Creatively bankrupt trash made by a committee of hacks who don't know the first thing about generating suspense, frights, or cohesive storytelling.	... dreadful piece of work.	This lamely scripted sequel based on the popular video game begins where the tense, gruesome original ended but is quite inferior.	Offers up more of everything: more bloody zombie dogs, more crazy corporate evildoers, more Milla Jovovich unclothed and more over-the-top action scenes.	Resident Evil: Apocalypse has lots of action, but not much in terms of plot or creativity.
... as if a cop movie spoof had been awkwardly rammed into a seriously splatter film, with a big, violent blowout finale to blur the lines between the two.	This movie wants to tickle the funny bone while telling a story that's worth telling. For the most part, [director] Wright achieves this aim.	Hot Fuzz plays like a funny movie you wish were even funnier (Fuzz That's Actually Quite Warm might be a more accurate title).	Goofy? You bet. Funny? Yes, indeed.	The opening premise of Hot Fuzz is like the recipe for a simple concept comedy: overachieving cop in underachieving village, and it works to set the all important tone in this funnily ridiculous film.	The brilliant minds behind Shaun of the Dead successfully take a shot at the buddy cop genre with Hot Fuzz. The result is a bitingly satiric and hugely entertaining parody.
Absorbing	Both a powerhouse piece of docudrama-thriller filmmaking and a cannily politicized work.	It manages to deliver a steady stream of action thrills even as it reconsiders the international terrorism of the 1960s and '70s for lessons important today.	Carlos is a smart piece of filmmaking that delivers thrilling sequences and doesn't pander -- grounding its idealistic character in a sea of contradictions.	Shot by shot, scene by scene, it's a fluid and enthralling piece of work. I wasn't bored for a millisecond.	Despite its hefty running time, Carlos moves along briskly, thanks to an engaging story, exotic locales, and a breakout performance by Edgar Ramirez.
Solitary Man is a movie about watching a guy spin his wheels while figuring things out. Douglas has that down pat, selling us the best smarm money can buy, and his scenes with DeVito, Parker and Sarandon are perfect dances of evasion and acceptance.	... [Michael] Douglas never drops the charm or the confidence, his greed or lust or simple arrogance pumping up beyond caring when confronted with his own sleaze.	[Douglas'] performance finds and holds that crucial harmony between fearful thoughts and the foolhardy deeds they motivate.	The actors are all charged up, too; there's just nowhere in this script for them to go.	The role is so tailor-made for Douglas, who has put in years of screen time on the horizontal, that the rest of the story has to fit in around him, leaving scant room for maneuver.	Built around a singularly unpleasant main character, Solitary Man needed a flawless central performance to succeed -- and Michael Douglas delivers.
There's sweetness in When Marnie Was There, and a fitting dedication from a young protégé to the craft Studio Ghibli held above all: the act of finding freedom through art.	It's a deeply emotional film... following the Ghibli fashion of allowing its female leads to be more than what meets the eye.	It's a quiet film of modest narrative ambitions and simple shifts, but its technical and visual ambitions couldn't be higher.	There are times, especially in the first act, when "When Marnie Was There" lacks a certain urgency, often moving with all the drive of a breeze through the oft-heard wind chimes. And then the final act really grabs the heartstrings ...	The journey in Marnie is so pretty that it's unlikely many will pay great mind to [the film's] flaws.	When Marnie Was There is still blessed with enough visual and narrative beauty to recommend, even if it isn't quite as magical as Studio Ghibli's greatest works.
This film features what look like living plush toys.	If the idea of three squeaky-voiced squirrels as pop gods makes you shudder, Alvin And The Chipmunks won't make you change your mind - but there's enough spritely mischief in this flawed family comedy to provide some light-hearted fun.	There's just not enough here for a movie. It's almost as if some ideas were meant to live for three and a half minutes each Christmas season, not to get stretched to the breaking point for 50 years.	An endearing effort that will appeal to under-10s with its slight tale of the three all-talking, all-singing rodents.	Alvin And The Chipmunks moves, little children love it and it's not too painful for adults. All in all, an okay little hit of helium.	Though cutely rendered, Alvin and the Chipmunks suffers from bland potty humor and a rehashed kids' movie formula.
Tarsem has created some of the most exquisite and phantasmic visuals put on celluloid yet.	The Cell is a dazzling mind-bender of a film that features spectacular visuals from the elegant sets to the gorgeous costumes, all encompassed in a thrilling story that will have you on the edge of your seat.	A lot of work went into making The Cell a state-of-the-art sensory assault, but you'd get essentially the same effect by locking people in a small room with someone who won't stop screaming for two hours.	The Cell makes the mistake of thinking that we're going to be captivated by a story that devotes most of its length to ugly hallucinations.	While the level of imagination impressed me I was repulsed by what it was applied to.	The Cell offers disturbing, stunning eye candy, but it is undermined by a weak and shallow plotline that offers nothing new.
Given that this is adolescent romance, never straying far from traditional stereotypes, its 'progressive' feel-good aura is mainly down to Barrymore, whose limitations are only exposed in big love scenes.	Cinderella for the nineties.	The bottom line is: it's cute. And it's relatively inoffensive.	Barrymore is the ideal revisionist Cinderella.	An enchanting rendition of the classic Cinderella tale set in sixteenth century France.	Ever After is a sweet, frothy twist on the ancient fable, led by a solid turn from star Barrymore.
Shot in a raw, grungy style that lends the film a degree of authenticity, AGN is a riff-roaring experience that rarely hits a bum note.	That the event is not only taken seriously by its contestants, but is also surprisingly devoid of irony, makes Air Guitar Nation excellently enjoyable.	It's a limited movie, from the musical palette the performers choose, to the number of players the movie spends time with.	Air Guitar Nation does a fine job of bottling prelapsarian exuberance.	When one character cheerfully announces he wants to "out-weird the world," we want to let him know we're right there for him.	It's up for debate how serious or ironic its subjects are, but Air Guitar Nation is nonetheless a funny and exciting documentary with a killer soundtrack.
There are worse ways to spend a couple of hours. Set in some stunning locales in Italy, Letters is a guilty pleasure that's lighter on the guilt and heavier on the pleasure.	... Succeeds on the basis of pure delight, the optimism it emits and an earned happily-ever-after ending.	If well done, a film like Letters To Juliet should need no surprises. But it does need more than the postcard-ready vistas against which director Gary Winick frames much of the action.	A blithely frivolous movie that glows with as much starry-eyed cliché and scenic splendor as it shudders with illogic and lack of common sense.	Its cast is remarkably strong for such simple fare. Cynics will mock it, but it's an undeniable crowd pleaser even if its resolution drags on too long.	Letters to Juliet has a refreshingly earnest romantic charm, but it suffers from limp dialogue and an utter lack of surprises.
It is digressive, jokey, giddily brutal and ferociously profane. But it is also a troubling and important movie about slavery and racism.	"Django Unchained" might have been a revelation in 2005. But after Quentin Tarantino and others have spent years spoofing '60s and '70s genre movies, this mock spaghetti Western tastes like it came out of the microwave.	A cruel but humorous tale of robust men and women defined by the myth of the 'Old West'.	...writer/director Quentin Tarantino may have managed to deliver one of the most unflinchingly realistic depictions of slavery in the Old South to ever grace the screen. QT's vision is ugly and twisted and filled with all kinds of evil.	While "Django" is certainly another passionately executed Tarantino effort, the major quibble is that it's not quite sharp or provocative enough to rank with his best films.	Bold, bloody, and stylistically daring, Django Unchained is another incendiary masterpiece from Quentin Tarantino.
Combining the influences of Italian neorealism with Dickensian melodrama, Andrei Kravchuk's simultaneously tough-minded and sentimental The Italian is as bracing as it is moving	Like Vittorio De Sica, one of the great Italian neo-realists, Kravchuk populates his film with people, not paradigms; his characters are capable of good and evil, sometimes in equal measure.	I could have watched Spiridonov as Vanya for hours. He is superbly cast and his wistful eyes rope you in immediately.	A gritty Russian movie about a plucky and adventuresome orphan who sets out to find his birth mother.	The Italian is an aesthetic gem, but a moral muddle.	Poignant and unforgettable, The Italian stands out from other European melodramas. Like its extraordinary child lead, this Russian drama about an orphan's search for his birth mother is small in size and monumental in pathos.
The Women clangs with so many false moments that you practically leave the theater with tinnitus.	At least the actors are strong enough to keep us engaged, and they deliver their lines impeccably, from the spicy comedy to the teary drama.	The Women isn't terrible. There's too much talent here for that, even if it's displayed unevenly. But it's something that might be even worse: unnecessary, at least as long as you can rent the original.	Soft-focus but high-gloss, substituting empowerment for devotion. It is entertaining but it has a bitter aftertaste.	Fourteen years in the making, The Women marks a serviceable directorial debut for English.	The Women is a toothless remake of the 1939 classic, lacking the charm, wit and compelling protagonists of the original.
Somber and moody, with assured direction by Ava DuVernay overseeing an exceedingly at-ease cast, the mood poem that is Middle of Nowhere is one of the best little films of the year...	This is humanistic drama done right.	I should love this movie, but something about it kept me at arm's length.	It's confident storytelling, in which often the actors' faces, rather than dialogue, tell us what we need to know.	This is a very effective and moving film, which is remarkable given the film's microscopic budget and 20-day shooting schedule.	Wise, compassionate, and beautifully acted, Middle of Nowhere offers an early testament to writer-director Ava DuVernay's startling talent.
As a TV sitcom pilot, Head of State might have potential, but, on a multiplex screen, the execution (if not the premise) is thin.	Although a reheated formula, Head of State dishes out a few original laughs due to in part to the writing of Chris Rock.	Rock is a man who continues to perpetuate stereotypes for the price of "comedy" and continues making one terrible film after the other.	Now safe is commendable in a car or a household appliance, but it doesn't measure up in a comedy. Safe just isn't funny.	Rock keeps the film hoppin', punching along at a strong pace. And, as soon as Bernie Mac pops his head into the picture, the belly laughs start to roll.	Head of State squanders its potentially ripe premise with watered-down satire and formulaic gags.
A fun movie that I think both kids and adults will enjoy.	This a Nickelodeon movie, and that's where it belongs: on children's cable television.	The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness.	Far too tepid and unspectacular to be anything but a harmless time-killer--it's really no better than a movie made for a child- friendly cable network.	The clock doesn't actually stop during Clockstoppers, but time does seem to crawl.	A pleasant diversion for the young teens, but a waste of time for anyone older.
A simple description of what transpires in This Is Not a Film doesn't begin to convey its power.	...never settles down - it's as restless as its house arrested protagonist and a compelling and often humorous look at a day in the life of an auteur with his wings clipped.	Panahi is deconstructing the very idea of film. Does merely putting something on camera instantly make it a film? That's for you to judge - and, I suppose, the Iranian government.	...a political act, of course, but that's not the most interesting thing about it.	It is 75 minutes of powerful and touching insight into the helplessness of being a citizen in a country that respects none of the citizenly rights and virtues: those that relate to art, human dignity and freedom of speech, movement and ideas.	Through simple means and filming, This is Not a Film presents a vital political statement and a snapshot of life in Iran as enemy of the state.
This feature-length sci-fi cartoon is suggestive of nothing so much as Saturday-morning TV.	It continually crashes and burns on its own banality.	If you can stand the insipid story, you might enjoy the bright, sometimes inventive visual effects.	The film is certainly as exciting as any live-action sci-fi flick.	What we're left with is lots of pretension but little genuine tension.	Great visuals, but the story feels like a cut-and-paste job of other sci-fi movies.
The Painted Veil never really transcends a predictable, historical model of sacrifice and personal growth, and there's not enough of the latter.	Wonderful scenery, great performances and a superb story.	The film, alas, never scales their acting heights, plodding along in a staid fashion and tamping down the strong emotions that reside below its surface. This should have been a much more powerful movie.	Largely Masterpiece Theatre moviemaking, but of a very high order...an elegantly appointed, intelligently played picture that does Maugham's period piece proud.	Handsomely crafted, with meticulous performances, yet it plays out drily and in monotone.	Visually, The Painted Veil has all the trappings of a stuffy period drama, but Norton's and Watts's deft portrayals of imperfect, complicated characters give the film a modern-day spark.
The substance of the original Iron Man, the brain and the soul that set it apart from the typical seasonal fare and made it one of the best films of 2008, also have been blown to bits.	It's not that Iron Man 2 isn't good. In fact, it's good enough, but it falls short of its predecessor.	It's a rush, but it's more like taxiing than take-off.	Because we already know how Iron Man came to be, 'Iron Man 2' isn't quite as interesting as the first film. But it does pack a super-hero wallop of action and fun.	In a refreshing and unexpected turn, the sequel to Iron Man doesn't find a changed man. Inside the metal, imperfect humanity grows even more so, as thought-provoking questions of identity meet techno-fantasy made flesh.	It isn't quite the breath of fresh air that Iron Man was, but this sequel comes close with solid performances and an action-packed plot.
It reinvigorates and refreshes while giving the audience a microphone's-eye-view of legendary rockers.	...Exposes the spuriousness of Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous once and for all.	Leave your inhibitions in the daylight -- The Last Waltz will make you want to sing and dance.	This is one of the great movie experiences.	Overlong but enjoyable documentary...	Among one of, if not the best rock movie ever made, The Last Waltz is a revealing, electrifying view of the classic band at their height.
It's never clear about what its intentions are, but it opens up a dialogue, something rare in movies these days. [Full review in Spanish]	Quite unique, nothing we have seen before in Mexican cinema.	Handsomely shot by Damian Garcia in full-frame black-and-white, Güeros is at times both painfully arty and arbitrarily plotted.	Ruizpalacios debut is one of the best in Mexican cinema in the past century.	Great screenplay; highly recommended. [full review in Spanish]	A striking effort that synthesizes disparate influences with inventive flair, Güeros marks a bold step forward for modern Mexican cinema.
...poses some interesting ethical issues on the responsibility of the media, but like many a Stephen King novel ("Insomnia" comes to mind), solid characters and a great build are undone by a silly underlying premise.	...ultimately undone by its increasingly outlandish premise...	Pontypool is ultimately a testament to its frequently besieged director's audacity and vision.	If you're a devotee of the deranged mind of Canadian indie auteur Bruce McDonald, then I can just tell you that he's made a horror movie (kind of) and that Pontypool is it.	In its best moments the film offers an entertaining throwback to the Seventies heyday of John Carpenter and David Cronenberg, when a creepy situation could be just as effective as a burst of stomach-churning special effects.	Witty and restrained but still taut and funny, this Pontypool is a different breed of low-budget zombie film.
Steven Spielberg shows the same kind of fire and passion he did in directing Schindler's List as the horror of slavery is laid bare in the crucible of the courtroom.	As Spielberg vehicles go, Amistad -- part mystery, action thriller, courtroom drama, even culture-clash comedy -- lands between the disturbing lyricism of Schindler's List and the storybook artificiality of The Color Purple.	Spielberg seems to be dividing his filmmaking output into two distinct halves: in the summer months cranking out no-brainer dinosaur flicks...in the winter season unveiling his serious artistic stuff to edify the adults and woo the Oscar crowd.	As with Schindler’s List, Spielberg allows his subjects to be remote and somewhat unknowable human beings, creating an air of documentary-like authenticity.	Amistad is a picture you will not want to forego.	Heartfelt without resorting to preachiness, Amistad tells an important story with engaging sensitivity and absorbing skill.
More video game than story, raising questions that are more "how does this make sense?" than "looking forward to the answers in part three!"	None of the virtues of the first installment are here, except the charisma of their protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]	End. End. Please end. Come on. Enough. Oh my God, I'm going to have to live in this theater because this freakin' movie has a running time of infinity.	Every set piece brings to mind an Epcot Center attraction built from borrowed parts, geared toward reinforcing the young audience's belief that adults just don't understand them.	Not only a massive step up in every way it's also the best YA genre adaptation since Beautiful Creatures. Hopefully audiences don't screw up and avoid this one too.	Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials is an action-packed sequel at the cost of story, urgency, and mystery that the original offered.
No doubt captures some of the horror and the chaos of the actual situation, but it makes for a loud, often confusing, and always bloody two and a half hours.	Neither a jingoistic exercise in military muscle (a la Top Gun) nor an existential parable about the futility of war (as in The Thin Red Line).	Black Hawk Down was never meant to be an easy film to watch, but it is an important one.	While visually commanding as a painstaking re-creation, it's a major letdown as a motion picture.	What is it that a film like this offers us in times like these? Understanding? Catharsis? Perspective? The words seem irrelevant.	Though it's light on character development and cultural empathy, Black Hawk Down is a visceral, pulse-pounding portrait of war, elevated by Ridley Scott's superb technical skill.
Hallstrom finds the right bittersweet tone for his dysfunctional family tale (and one of Hollywood's few films about obesity), marvelously acted by Johnny Depp and particularly Leonardo DiCaprio in his second outing as a retarded adolescent.	A story that could easily have been mishandled by making Gilbert too sugary noble, but Hedges and Hallstrom create characters of depth and resonance.	The Grapes are as authentic, and as flat-out weird, as any real family I know.	One of the best dramas ever. In a small town where nothing happens, every scene is an event as Gilbert deals with life.	Well-written (albeit a little too long) and competently acted.	It's sentimental and somewhat predictable, but those are small complaints, given the tender atmosphere and moving performances at the heart of What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
Game Over.	If you grew up playing Street Fighter 2, you MUST see this movie. If not, stay far, far away.	The story of STREET FIGHTER is a mere trifle, but who cares? The real problem is that...the visceral impact is practically nil.	Bizarre, surreal, and ultimately less engaging than playing Pong with a blind man...	OOOF!!!!!	Though it offers mild entertainment through campy one-liners and the overacting of the late Raul Julia, Street Fighter's nonstop action sequences are not enough to make up for a predictable, uneven storyline.
simple, but well paced.	Supernova is so absolutely traditional that it voyages into the realm of idiocy.	Goes nowhere and when it gets there, it's not anywhere.	A crash course from the start.	A mission that should have been aborted long ago.	This is an insult to the Sci-fi genre with no excitement and bad FX.
banal	...this sour eggnog combines bad taste with ersatz holiday cheer.	...one of those dreadful, pandering, seasonal pictures that sneaks into theaters, Grinch-like, and makes off with tons of cash each year.	A few laughs are sprinkled in this equivalent of a lame sitcom holiday episode, but the broad comedy and treacly ending are unlikely to put anyone in the Christmas spirit.	I love the Christmas season, but there are times when I wish it would go away if only to save audiences from horrific experiences like this.	Relying on flat humor and a preposterous plot, Deck the Halls is an unnecessarily mean-spirited holiday movie that does little to put viewers in a holiday mood.
Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT wear a BONNET!"	It's not derivative so much as an homage - and it is this that saves the film from being just another talking animal movie.	Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties. Er, kiddies.	Uma distraзгo de fбcil esquecimento.	Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.	A great concept, but the movie fails to develop the characters and some of the jokes are hit-or-miss.
Thumbs up for The Wild Thornberrys Movie.	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough.	This ecologically minded, wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family	This lively Klasky Csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular Nickelodeon series.	Just as entertaining as the hit Nickelodeon series on which it is based.	A pleasant enough kids flick that adults may even enjoy.
There's a beating pulse to this emotionally complex story and writer director Raymond De Felitta has created a wonderful, involving film with flawed characters we understand and with whom we empathise. When the secrets start to unravel like a tightly coil	City Island is a relief for filmgoers dulled by Hollywood formula. Despite lapses into overstatement, it's nothing but good, sweet, breezy times.	The outer-borough oddities of City Island are hard to resist.	Andy Garcia, comedy cutup? City Island gives the intense actor a fine comic showcase.	I won't make great claims for Raymond De Felitta's film - it hardly makes them for itself - but I will say this for it: as an ensemble acting workout, it exceeds expectations from the top down.	Raymond De Felitta combines warmth, humanity, and a natural sense of humor, and is abetted by Andy Garcia and an excellent ensemble cast.
A level-headed take on a topic that's often an excuse for madness and melodrama.	Killing off one of your marquee actresses appeals to that not-insignificant portion of the moviegoing population that is, shall we say, weary of Paltrow.	[It] can't exactly be called a pleasure of any kind, but it is quietly compelling, building the tension as methodically as its characters chip away at the medical puzzle.	Contagion is the best movie made to date about an epidemic/pandemic.	Simultaneously gripping and emotionally engaging thanks to pacey direction, a smart script and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast.	Tense, tightly plotted, and bolstered by a stellar cast, Contagion is an exceptionally smart -- and scary -- disaster movie.
A boy and his dragon. What kid with a library card or Kindle hasn't daydreamed about that?	An animated movie with the courage to take itself seriously and entertain you by being genuinely good, as opposed to tricking itself out with pointless hipness.	Thrilling 3-D adventure sends brains over brawn message.	While the 3D-animated experiences ranks among the best of them, How to Train Your Dragon is otherwise unspectacular. It's a very solid "It's not Pixar, but..." animated flick.	This thing works on many levels, and it's pretty darned cute.	Boasting dazzling animation, a script with surprising dramatic depth, and thrilling 3-D sequences, How to Train Your Dragon soars.
Clocking in at an unfiltered - some would call indulgent - 129 minutes, Mommy gives the impression of having burst straight from Dolan's instincts onto the screen.	A hugely emotional film that makes no apologies for its engagement with the ripest melodrama.	Not since the Coen brothers' Blood Simple has a movie confirmed a voice this fresh and visual.	Like so much cinema, Mommy functions at a gut level - you either instinctively get it or you don't. As to whether or not it amounts to much more than a French-Canadian, ADHD-style Instagram film, I'm unconvinced but fascinated as to Dolan's next move.	Mommy is a film about love and compassion, and it is wonderful. See it.	As challenging as it is rewarding, Mommy finds writer-director Xavier Dolan taking another impressive step forward.
A seminal horror movie, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari was hailed upon its initial release as the first film to elevate the cinema from the realm of popular entertainment to that of high art.	A case can be made that Caligari was the first true horror film.	It is difficult to imagine the film done better with the benefit of sound, colour, or any innovation since.	The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari illustrates something more eternal: about great manipulators, and the underlying anxiety that either society has gone mad, or we have.	The influence of Robert Wiene's Caligari is so great that it threatens to obscure the work itself.	Arguably the first true horror film, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari set a brilliantly high bar for the genre -- and remains terrifying nearly a century after it first stalked the screen.
Co-scripted by the Coen brothers and British writer Matt Charman, it is a consummately crafted, richly layered affair, with fine performances from Tom Hanks and Mark Rylance. The one hitch is that it is just too wholesome.	Spielberg's best film since Saving Private Ryan.	Hanks has never seemed more like a modern Jimmy Stewart, drink in hand, just looking to get home to his bed, as the script leans into its cavalcade of slightly bizarre negotiations with Eastern European goons.	Steven Spielberg's casual excellence has reached a point where we take it for granted. The overwhelming success of a film like Bridge of Spies shows why we do so to our detriment.	An absorbing true-life espionage tale very smoothly handled by old pros who know what they're doing.	Bridge of Spies finds new life in Hollywood's classic Cold War espionage thriller formula, thanks to reliably outstanding work from Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks.
This dissection of family mores in upscale suburbia is emotionally powerful, decidedly unsentimental, and the suitable text for the feature directorial debut of Robert Redford.	What Redford accomplishes is to provide an excellent portrait of how well families can hide their inner turmoil from the prying eyes of outsiders.	Redford never has topped his directorial debut.	This is a film that will ring true many viewers. The ability of the film to touch 'ordinary' folk so strongly and honestly is the mark of a true classic.	despite its flaws, Ordinary People is a powerful depiction of the damage done when human beings can no longer communicate with those closest to them	Though shot through with bitterness and sorrow, Robert Redford's directorial debut is absorbing and well-acted.
While the low comedy is undeniably effective, the film leaves behind a bad taste of snobbery and petty meanness.	One of the all-time classic movies, and a career-defining performance by Belushi make this mandatory viewing for any movie lover.	Ramis, Landis and their colleagues created a party film that's deeply rooted in the soil of popular culture.	Almost everyone else has at least one funny scene to equal Belushi's greatest moments.	Endlessly quotable, populated by endearing and unique characters, and blessed with a great score that mixes Elmer Bernstein's orchestral maneuvers with catchy oldies, this riotous comedy has lost none of its appeal over the years.	The talents of director John Landis and Saturday Night Live's irrepressible John Belushi conspired to create a rambunctious, subversive college comedy that continues to resonate.
Line up a row of Howard's films and ask someone to choose. Chances are, their hands will fall to Splash as often as any other	Bizarrely overrated gimmick comedy	ideal Sunday afternoon entertainment	Splash is probably the ultimate fish-out-of-water film, primarily because it literally features a fish out of water.	Howard demonstrates exactly the correct soft touch, skirting the myriad problems of taste.	A perfectly light, warmly funny romantic comedy that's kept afloat by Ron Howard's unobtrusive direction and charming performances from Tom Hanks and Daryl Hannah.
If you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky, then Steve Shainberg's film deserves your attention.	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love, maybe it is, but it's to this film's (and its makers') credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves.	Despite powerful performances from its main stars, Secretary falls short of its ambitious aims, struggling to find a fitting end for its intriguing and original premise.	Disturbing yet engrossing.	It is . . . undeniably absorbing, playing like a great book. As the film splays across the screen, you may find yourself anticipating each new page, err frame.	Maggie Gyllenhaal impresses in this romantic comedy with a kinky twist.
Do you think Jiminy Glick is funny? If the answer is no, then you'll have a hard time spending 90 minutes with the corpulent, star-struck celebrity-interviewer in his debut film, Jiminy Glick in Lalawood.	It is almost guaranteed one's enjoyment of "Lalawood" will depend on how much arcane knowledge of Hollywood and cinema one has.	I did find myself laughing at times, and if you are a Jiminy Glick fan, you will too.	Glick goes goofy as comedy sketch fails to fill up a feature film.	[Has] all the narrative tug of a four-year-old's backyard adventure.	A television sketch streatched to feature length.
I tried, but I couldn't make it all the way through this film.	It's a confusing mishmash of irrelevance, not least because Mike Leigh, the writer and director, feels the need to jump in and out of hundreds of different locations without ever exploring them.	An overstuffed, overlong (160 minutes) period piece.	Admittedly, at 160 minutes, it's probably too much of a good thing. But, given that so many of the film's scenes consist of productions of Gilbert & Sullivan musical numbers, who's going to complain?	One of the year's best films.	A thoroughly entertaining character study and a great success for Mike Leigh.
Once this film gets its bearings, the unsentimental fierceness of its vision brushes obstacles and quibbles from its path.	Full of cathartic emotion and earnest dignity!	This powerful journey into the lives of people struggling with the aftershock of slavery stands as another impressive drama from director Demme.	It is an urgently intimate epic of the heart, a dramatization of a monumental journey of pain, love and, tentatively, hope that has scorching emotional impact.	It is sure to be studied, debated and cherished decades from now when Americans look to film for insights on who we are and where we have been.	A powerful, emotional and successful film adaptation of the original novel.
"Street Kings" is 107 minutes long and most casual viewers will know the bad guy's identity 100 minutes before Reeves does.	I don't think there were really any bad scenes, but I found the overall film emotionally empty.	A solid contemporary crime drama.	Keanu Reeves' bad-boy cop Tom Ludlow may not play by the rules, but the film sure does.	Don't get me wrong. Street Kings clips along with brutal efficiency, but the plot that sets up Tom for a frame-up is, in critic parlance, a strain on credulity.	Street Kings contains formulaic violence but no shred of intelligence.
Little Children includes all the clichéd scenarios of a midday TV sudser, but they're ratcheted up several seedy degrees.	Suburbia continues to serve as the dartboard of choice for filmmakers bent on demonstrating their urbane superiority to the dull denizens of tract housing.	Richly textured... The entire cast is superb.	As the deranged and tortured Ronald, Jackie Earle Haley is appallingly creepy, meaning he's perfect. His unstable character lingers in your mind. While you're watching, he seems to be a dirty bomb of perverse violence.	Unnervingly good, Little Children is one of the rare American films about adultery that feels right -- dangerous, hushed, immediate -- even when the sex takes a back seat to other longings.	Little Children takes a penetrating look at suburbia and its flawed individuals with an unflinching yet humane eye.
Tarr, who is only 56, claims The Turin Horse as his last film, and it's hard to imagine a follow-up.	Through Tarr's meticulous vision, these ordinary hardships take on cosmic weight; this is tedium vividly rendered.	No movie could possibly live up to the monumental, forbidding grandeur of The Turin Horse's lengthy opening shot, but [Bela Tarr]... goes ahead and attempts the impossible, and comes frighteningly close to succeeding.	"The Turin Horse" is a parable, which means it's both very simple and very weighty. It's not about event and emotion, but duration and endurance.	This great poem on the end of the world is truly a film for the ages. It can't really be described, but only lived.	Uncompromisingly bold and hauntingly beautiful, Bela Tarr's bleak parable tells a simple story with weighty conviction.
Farhadi constructs a taut story, as precariously balanced on luck and lies as that of a French farce, and then lets it spring holes before our eyes.	Another shrewdly gauged study of our capacity for deception and self-deception from A Separation's auteur. Emotionally devastating.	One of the most remarkable Iranian films to surface in the last few years, About Elly is a small but compelling ensemble piece of surprising depth.	This superb, suspenseful film ... opens as a playful comedy of vacationing couples and awkward romance, one that might be set in the French countryside, but by the end has become a moral drama likely to corrode your certainties.	Asghar Farhadi's sensibility embodies a combination of empathy and paranoia that's striking considering that the latter is normally driven by self-absorption.	About Elly offers viewers performances as powerful as its thought-provoking ideas, and adds another strong entry to Asghar Farhadi's impressive filmography.
It was hysterically funny at times, but the urge to laugh had to compete with the urge to vomit.	The finale, in which Lionel reduces a horde of flesh-eaters to a mulch of blood, flesh and offal with the aid of a flymo, is probably the goriest scene ever.	Rarely has the urge to expectorate one's lunch been a feeling so sublime.	Lionsgate's visceral, albeit barebones Blu-ray package lets viewers really sink their teeth into Dead Alive.	Braindead is the magnum opus of Peter Jackson's early career.	The delightfully gonzo tale of a lovestruck teen and his zombified mother, Dead Alive is extremely gory and exceedingly good fun, thanks to Peter Jackson's affection for the tastelessly sublime.
Children should love the film and adults will be dismayed by the light brushstrokes with which Paul Reubens (one of three credited screenwriters, but star-billed under his stage name, Pee-wee Herman) suggests touches of Buster Keaton and Eddie Cantor.	Chiefly successful because of its commitment to an artistic ideal: make something that looks, talks, feels, and moves like a cartoon.	Two stars were born with the release of this film -- one in front of the camera and one behind it.	Arguably Tim Burton's strangest film.	Delirious, cartoonish, wildly inventive.	Pee-Wee's Big Adventure brings Paul Reubens' famous character to the big screen intact, along with enough inspired silliness to dazzle children of all ages.
It may have seemed like a movie that was out of time, but it turned out to be perfectly in sync with the restlessness of the early 90s as well.	Linklater set out to make a film that was, in its own way, timeless, and the passing of years has only reinforced his against-the-odds success.	The performances are persuasive down to the smallest part, and Linklater has a fine ear for the unexpectedly loopy turns of phrase that make these teenagers come to life.	Linklater ... examines a period when indulging in vices was viewed as a coming-of-age rite of passage rather than a life-threatening act of immorality.	While many of the characters are recognizable high school types, what I found original was that these were types I actually recognized from high school, not from *movies* about high school.	Featuring an excellent ensemble cast, a precise feel for the 1970s, and a killer soundtrack, Dazed and Confused is a funny, affectionate, and clear-eyed look at high school life.
Director Doug Liman has done a pretty good job maintaining the pace and tension in this film, though I could have done with a little less hand-held camera. Penn is superb, and Watts is pretty credible.	With first-rate performances from Sean Penn and Naomi Watts and a compelling script, this suspenseful, taut drama should keep audiences nailed to their seats.	Both Sean Penn and Naomi Watts offer believable performances here, and Watts is impressive in the truly tricky role of the complex Ms. Plame.	A docudrama about a historic event that happened not long ago, 'Fair Game' is the story not only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.	It starts with thriller clichés and ends in sanctimonious preaching, but in between there are a couple of true things: a portrait of a marriage under stress, and a depiction of the arrogance of power that leaves a sharp after-burn.	It struggles with the balance between fact-based biopic and taut political thriller, but Fair Game brims with righteous anger -- and benefits from superb performances by Naomi Watts and Sean Penn.
The satire is ever so refreshingly played straight, is seemingly benign and dead-on funny.	Scores an 11 (out of 10) for sheer inspired lunacy but it's the writers' unexpected fondness for their subject matter that puts the film in a class all its own.	Consistently funny, with sheer brilliant turns from every performer on the cast...	Hilarious, ribald, drug-filled rock send-up.	There had been countless documentary spoofs before This Is Spinal Tap, but this inspired put-on was the first to actually capture the texture and style of real documentary.	Smartly directed, brilliantly acted, and packed with endlessly quotable moments, This Is Spinal Tap is an all-time comedy classic.
Movies like Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector may be critic-proof, but even die-hard fans of country crude will have to admit that a little Larry goes a long way.	At least Larry the Cable Guy's brief movie career kept Hollywood's fart-sound proprietors in business. What, you thought an opening shot of his bared plumber's crack was an arbitrary artistic decision? That there's foreshadowin' right there!	The low road always wins out.	[A] rattletrap star vehicle.	Whenever Larry isn't pensively biting on his chaw, he's barking out obscene one-liners in a guttural, noxious stream of little nasty explosions. He's a greasy, oil-burning joke jalopy.	An aggressively lowbrow vehicle for its titular star, this gross-out comedy fails to "git-r-done."
Muddled, cliche-ridden soap opera...	As far as feel-good movies go, this one works in spite of a bloated running length (over two hours) and a plot that could use an injection of originality.	The real creative opportunities lie in visual and choreographic options, and Haines doesn't miss a beat in either department.	For every cliché embraced in its entirety, another is subverted just enough that you're pleasantly surprised.	Director Randa Haines is generous with the dance content -- and the choreography by Daryl Matthews and Liz Curtis is imaginative.	Shallow script, weak direction.
Shotgun Stories defines the classic western phrase 'doing what a man's got to do' as both a moral imperative and a biological compulsion.	Never manages to be fully convincing.	Few films are so observant about how we relate with one another. Few are as sympathetic.	An interesting first effort from Nichols -- making him a director to look out for in the future.	Writer/director Jeff Nichols is one to watch. He has fashioned a simple but powerful cautionary tale, equal parts Southern Gothic and Greek tragedy, and has given a familiar kind of material a fresh spin.	Thanks to a talented cast and its uncommon depth, Nichols' debut manages to rise above its overly familiar plot.
Lady in the Water is unmistakably a setback, as well as a warning to potential detractors. You are, it seems, either with M. Night Shyamalan or against him, and this time I must take up residence in the latter camp.	A gaping psychic wound, a blood-spattered, pulsating tumor ripped violently from both its creator's head and, more fascinatingly, his heart, then planted onscreen, raw and unfettered, for all to come and see.	Much narrative energy is devoted to the arcane details of the narf mythology, and those familiar with the director's methods grow impatient waiting for the air to clear.	An act of spectacular (if unwitting) self-immolation.	Not bad, full of odd holes and plot troubles, but rich with beautiful ideas (and dark, shimmery cinematography by the great Christopher Doyle).	A far-fetched story with little suspense and unconvincing scenarios, Lady In The Water feels contrived, pretentious, and rather silly.
Unlike the campy excess of Jackson's earlier Dead Alive, deliberate overkill ltimately points toward a dearth of ideas rather than a surfeit.	Fantasy and reality blur in a chilling film that shows Jackson's limitless potential	A beautiful, haunting masterpiece from Peter Jackson, and proof that The Lord of the Rings isn't the only rabbit in his hat.	It remains, two decades on, a vertiginous, surreal psycho-portrait of adolescent girlhood's dramas and despairs--Little Town on the Prairie gone Badlands.	An unforgettable experience.	Dark, stylish, and captivating, Heavenly Creatures signals both the auspicious debut of Kate Winslet and the arrival of Peter Jackson as more than just a cult director.
Hitch's remake of his own film results in an equally compelling action thriller with sterling performances from Stewart and Day.	Far superior to the 1934 version, The Man Who Knew Too Much, underestimated at its 1956 release, should be considered as one of Hitchcock's masterpieces.	Each version has certain elements superior to the other, but both films rank as minor Hitchcock works.	Making marvellous use of settings and locations, Hitchcock treats the viewer to superbly choreographed set-pieces.	Starting slowly amid colourful but rather superfluous travelogue-style Moroccan footage, the film improves no end as it progresses.	Remaking his own 1934 film, Hitchcock imbues The Man Who Knew Too Much with picturesque locales and international intrigue, and is helped by a brilliantly befuddled performance from James Stewart.
Hughes's direction is sly without being smug, and Kwanten grounds the movie with a square decency that's never too pumped-up or cartoonish.	The film just about transcends its abundant clichés. It's Coen Brothers lite but made with some panache.	It may sound like a backhanded compliment, but I simply can't resist a suitably R-rated and rather dark action film that's also so oddly innocent.	A thoroughly entertaining western revenge thriller.	The Australian high-country setting of this blood-soaked western, brimming with jagged edged rock faces and menacing mountainsides, evokes the genre universe of director Anthony Mann.	Though its attempts to rework genre conventions may fall flat with some, Red Hill is a beautifully shot, tightly paced thriller that marks a strong debut for director Patrick Hughes.
A truly remarkable film -- nothing short of a masterpiece.	They don't make movies like this anymore.	The most complicated and most celebrated of the trio.	Explores fraternity in large part as much through the dynamic of neighbors and community as through potential one-on-one friendships or romances. [Blu-ray]	Red is not a movie by a filmmaker who has run out of ideas, but one by an artist at the height of his powers.	A complex, stirring, and beautifully realized portrait of interconnected lives, Red is the captivating conclusion to a remarkable trilogy.
An absolute treasure trove of old-timey, traditional folk music.	Made for the lowest common denominator.	At times the film's themes are tired, but Greenwald's eye for atmosphere and fine musical performances more than compensate.	Call me a reactionary but after I saw this I wanted to turn back the clock to the days of Pete Seeger and the Weavers.	Such a lyrical, moving independent film is a rare thing to find; Songcatcher is gorgeously made, perfectly cast and thoroughly engaging.	The story may be a bit too melodramatic, but great performances abound in Songcatcher. The real reason to see the movie, however, is the hypnotic music.
It's one of the most beautiful, well written, and fully realized high dollar films of the last five years. Inception, is close to perfection.	A grandiose exploration of the subconscious and a blazing piece of puzzlemaking.	It is that rarest of beasts: a slippery, cerebral summer blockbuster that slaloms from illusion to reality and back again and leaves its viewer bewitched, bothered and bewildered.	Despite the fact that some details of the labyrinthine plot are simply too obscure to comprehend on a first viewing, Nolan sells the emotion -- and the consequences -- visually.	Nolan hypnotizes us with his elegant dreamscapes, but uses them to draw attention back to the figures at the heart of it all.	Smart, innovative, and thrilling, Inception is that rare summer blockbuster that succeeds viscerally as well as intellectually.
It's sobering, particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily, or soon.	Beautifully explains the ongoing Middle East conflict.	Takes a simple idea and just about breaks your heart with it.	Give Shapiro, Goldman, and Bolado credit for good intentions, but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour.	Though the focus strays at times, this Oscar-nominated doc makes good on most of its Promises.	A heartbreaking and illuminating look at the Israeli and Palestinian conflict through the eyes of children.
Retains a quirky charm that cannot be discounted. Recommended not just for what it achieves, but for what it attempts to.	Bong still offers a powerful rejoinder to his Hollywood counterparts: Anything you can do, I can do better.	As ebullient and bizarre as a monster that can do back flips, leaving the viewer in a shock of delight.	What distinguished this horror pic is its emphasis on the personal--on love of family rather than the fight against the beast	Packed with politics, family conflict and satiric references to some of the more absurd aspects of Korean cinema, The Host never forgets to be a scary, icky, over-the-top fright fest, either.	As populace pleasing as it is intellectually satisfying, The Host combines scares, laughs, and satire into a riveting, monster movie.
For anyone who entertained hopes for Get Smart and has not been entertained back, the film's main fault will lie in its wobbly translation.	Carell fills the shoes of Don Adams with great talent, and proves himself to be much less the clumsy idiot than I remember from the old show.	Consistently entertaining, the movie turned out to be much better than the excessively silly 1965 television series upon which it is based.	Get Smart works well enough on a surface level to get a lot of laughs. What else do you want? It's a comedy.	Although its chemistry never gels, Get Smart pulls off a sufficient number of goofy action set pieces to earn its entertainment value.	Get Smart rides Steve Carell's considerable charm for a few laughs, but in the end is a rather ordinary Summer comedy.
A crafty piece of work, ending with a pair of marvelous twists.	A stylish if seriously far-fetched nightmare.	An unholy union between Seven and The Exorcist.	A tense and compelling supernatural thriller.	Had the filmmakers taken a little more time to think the story through and flesh out the supporting cast, Fallen could have been a real corker instead of just another January throw-away.	Has an interesting premise. Unfortunately, it's just a recycling of old materials, and not all that thrilling.
Even better than you remember, better than anyone could have hoped, better than almost any other movie of its kind.	Classic Disney at his most lavish.	A wonderful film for the whole family. Julie Andrews is a delight.	Arguably, it already seemed dated by the early 1970s, within a decade of its 1964 release. Yet still, somehow, the substantial charms of Mary Poppins live on.	One of Disney's greats.	A lavish modern fairy tale celebrated for its amazing special effects, catchy songs, and Julie Andrews's legendary performance in the title role.
Clever, witty, enjoyable, fun and almost as fresh and original as the first one!	What makes some of this stuff work is not its cruelty but its audaciousness!	In ways better than the original, 'The Spy Who Shagged Me' is a rehash of the same story with new cast members and new takes on familiar jokes.	...the people who seemed to be having the most fun at a recent screening were the 14-year-old boys giggling over the libidinous bits and the bathroom jokes.	Packs as many jokes per minute as the original!	Provides lots of laughs with Myers at the healm; as funny or funnier than the original.
It's soulful and unslick, and that's apparently just what [Aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career.	A portrait of the mundane humor and horror of everyday life, it scalds nerves you may have never thought existed.	A sad, superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life.	First good, then bothersome. Excellent acting and direction.	Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy, but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited.	A dark dramedy with exceptional performances from Jennifer Aniston and Jake Gyllenhaal, The Good Girl is a moving and astute look at the passions of two troubled souls in a small town.
There's nothing sweet about this very strange character, Jerri, but you still can't wait to see what outrageous thing she'll do next.	The worst movie of the summer	Obnoxious and rude does not equal funny.	This plays like a 'Season One' DVD, silly moments interspersed with lots of dull plot and lame high-school send-up situations.	like that After School Special some of us were secretly hoping would happen one day . . where it all goes horribly wrong in delightfully interesting ways instead of sticking to the moral high ground with a prissy and predictable moral lesson to be learned	Occasionally funny, but little more than a jumbled, overextended episode of the TV show. Still, Candy devotees won't be disappointed.
High-contrast frightfest with nervy lighting and production design and a well-maintained air of dread.	In its complexity, it functions as a sharp, canny blueprint for the rest of Lewton's pictures.	Atmospheric, chilling Tourneur classic	Beautiful and strange film, a timeless classic.	Handled more with shadow and suggestion than the outright statement found in the horror pictures that surrounded it.	Influential noir director Jacques Tourneau infused this sexy, moody horror film with some sly commentary about the psychology and the taboos of desire.
It's a low-key, intimate conversation between two buddies who, as Pollack -- the Oscar-winning director of Out of Africa -- puts it, are 'trying to find ways of creative expression within industries that make stringent demands.'	Though Gehry and Pollack have long been friends, the veteran Hollywood director confesses early on to being an architecture neophyte, and so much of the film's sprightly energy stems from its combination of expert research and amateur enthusiasm.	An overly reverent but intermittently compelling homage to an iconoclastic genius...	Though a little more depth would have been appreciated, there is just enough of it on display in this film to inspire those to do what I did and begin looking up Gehry and his work for themselves.	Director Sydney Pollack tries to pry open Gehry's head and allow the audience to see the world from his perspective.	This affectionate, casually framed portrait of the acclaimed architect reveals him to be an engaging, likeable subject.
The deeply allegorical ending may provoke political discussions, but as drama, Free Zone has lost its way long before then.	[A] fractious film from thorny filmmaker Amos Gitai.	This is not a geat film, but an extremely good one...	The movie -- a metaphor for the tangled, impossible state of Israeli/Palestinian relations -- only intermittently clicks.	An exceptional new film.	The symbolism in this cinematic metaphor on conflicts in the Middle East becomes so overbearing that it's hard to care about the characters or their plight.
A trenchant portrait of America's poverty-line-treading middle class.	I could watch Michael Shannon stare at a wall for 90 minutes and still be captivated.	When its last, proudly ambiguous note is struck, one leaves convinced only that there exists a greater exploitation of this same concept yet to be made, one with sharper contrasts and more starkly defined stakes.	A highlight of the Sundance and Cannes Film Fest, this is a powerful, eerie film, grounded by a great performance from Michael Shannon	Out of his 'Tree of Life'	Michael Shannon gives a powerhouse performance and the purposefully subtle filmmaking creates a perfect blend of drama, terror, and dread.
By doubling down on the chemistry between Tatum and Hill (and by giving Ice Cube a lot of room to be amazing), 22 Jump Street gets deeper and funnier than the first movie. It is, simply put, absolutely awesome.	"22 Jump Street" is preposterous in the best possible way.	It takes a little more than a new address and a Vietnamese Jesus to present the film with its own identity, and it's a shame the sequel barely makes an effort to expand the series beyond a few cosmetic changes.	If it seemed Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill couldn't possibly exceed their over-the-top buddy cop antics of 21 Jump Street, you lost that bet.	Bigger, sillier... and as on the money as anything five credited screenwriters have collectively come up with in years.	Boasting even more of the bromantic chemistry between its stars -- and even more of the goofy, good-natured humor that made its predecessor so much fun -- 22 Jump Street is the rare sequel that improves upon the original.
[A] putrefying piece of genre junk.	Something odd is happening to Mr. Cage's face. His skin is yellow, his cheeks are swollen, and his head is too big for his body.	Trespass is a crime, and so is this movie.	A belabored, often laughable melee of sound, fury and unnecessarily frenzied cinematography in which everyone yells, screams and threatens while any sense of dread quickly drains away.	Don't spend thirteen bucks on Trespass unless you're running from the cops and you need a place to hide, wait for it to hit VOD.	Another claustrophobic thriller that Joel Schumacher can churn out in his sleep, Trespass is nasty and aggressive, more unpleasant than entertaining.
...a rich melange of tumultous and sensual events. The story, acting, direction, set design and costuming fluidly combine to give a passionate portrait of living and loving on the edge of despair in a place and time where there was no tomorrow.	Startlingly poignant, Aimжe and Jaguar is a story about dreams. If you have ever dreamed, don't miss it.	Powerful and touching. Good touching.	In the midst of all the chaos of war, how people chose to live and how they survived emotionally is conveyed well and without the usual cliches.	This is a showcase for the two female leads, who are superb.	A gripping examination of sexual taboos, set against the backdrop of Nazi Germany, bolstered by a subtly shaded script and a strong cast.
Watching the dawn of Anna's political consciousness is a delight.	Gavras maintains a light touch throughout that allows us a rare chance to emphasize with both the radical and conservative elements at the family dinner table.	The young heroine is rather humorless, but Gavras's intelligence and skillful touch are evident throughout.	Julie Gavras, offspring of famed Greek-born filmmaker Constantin Costa-Gavras, makes an assured feature-directing debut with Blame It on Fidel.	A deft, original, entertaining and thoughtful look at that moment when we realise the world's just that bit more complicated than we thought.	Blame it on Fidel is a charming comedy of manners, class, and politics, elevated by a remarkable performance from lead child actor Nina Kervel.
Cinderella is beguiling proof that Walt Disney still knows his way around fairyland.	The 1950 classic arrives on DVD for the first time with its charm enhanced and plenty of extras to delight fans of the fairytale.	Considering the army of craftsmen who work on a Disney cartoon film, it is hard to give individual credits, for the memorable qualities.	Disney, while sticking to the particulars of the most famous rags-to-riches story of them all, also introduced a host of delightful new characters.	One of Disney's most admired feature animations, Cinderella was nominated for several Oscars.	The rich colors, sweet songs, adorable mice and endearing (if suffering) heroine make Cinderella a nostalgically lovely charmer.
Staggeringly beautiful movie with almost no story, a representative "New Argentine Film"	Beautiful, haunting and hypnotic, Jauja sees its own legend grow disproportionately, until we all, in our search for sense, get lost on the way.	Where 'Jauja' winds up is bizarre, even for an Argentine art-Western, but the move makes sense if you catch on its wavelength, a task made all the easier due to not only to its gradual, hypnotic pace but also its playful tone.	A hallucinatory trip down the rabbit hole that summons memories of Gus Van Sant's "Gerry."	Though admiring the filmmaker's innovation and inclination for minimalism, the lack of linearity and narrative structure is to the film's detriment.	Jauja will prove haunting for those lured in by its deliberate pace and lovely visuals, though it may test some viewers' patience.
Are all the A.I. fans out there completely unfazed by the absolutely ludicrous turns this story takes?	A cold, boring retread of Pinocchio with no characters to grab onto.	Spielberg's sci-fi fable is haunting, disturbing, flawed -- and unforgettable.	The result is less than a masterpiece but much, much more than the typical movie fare.	Spielberg, like his young hero, reaches beyond himself with this dark but transcendent exploration of the fate of the human spirit.	A curious, not always seamless, amalgamation of Kubrick's chilly bleakness and Spielberg's warm-hearted optimism, A.I. is, in a word, fascinating.
Gets away with its shortfalls almost solely on the basis of its cinematography.	Salles is a fine director with the ability to invest moments with a sense of tragedy and inexorable fate.	A lovely journey, but it's like a picture book whose text is merely incidental.	A tragedy shot through with moments of blinding brilliance.	A dreary Aristotelian tragedy whose contemporary geopolitical relevance cannot compensate for the lack of gripping protagonists.	Visually poetic, Behind the Sun is a powerful statement about cycles of violence.
One thing "Inside Deep Throat" proves is that Americans can get nostalgic over just about anything.	Financed by the mafia, always there when you need them most.	moves like a bullet, running through its subjects with punch-drunk glee and stitching it all together with a pounding K-Tel Super Hits of the Seventies soundtrack	...a fascinating visit to a period of recent history that now seems unutterably remote.	It's a fascinating story but not so fascinatingly told.	A documentary on the film that brought smut mainstream, Inside Deep Throat is gaining praise as an entertaining look at a pop culture milestone. However, some critics say the film could have gone a little deeper into the people involved.
A defining Batman.	The pragmatic reinvention...is countered by several equally pedestrian blunders that hold the film back as if Nolan and Goyer were standing on the back of Batman's cape.	Nolan takes an admirable stab at developing a character-driven drama, only to give in to generic action-movie conventions with a blinding, deafening, explosion-laden finale that could have capped off any number of interchangeable Jerry Bruckheimer flicks.	Strong writing, acting, directing. A surprisingly very strong film. You'll get your money's worth.	The movie has an impressive solidity that is lacking in nearly all such films of recent vintage.	Brooding and dark, but also exciting and smart, Batman Begins is a film that understands the essence of one of the definitive superheroes.
Fellini's whimsical and tender semi-autobiographical film is one of his best works.	...for long lasting imagery this nostalgic remembrance is highly entertaining and just may hook a newcomer to foreign film.	[S]imply nonsensical to me. Fascists are idiots, Catholic priests are clowns -- I agree with this. So why don't I feel it?	What's so surprising about this film is just how loose and effortlessly enjoyable it is, despite all its ideas and images. It's one of the director's very best.	Continues to resemble something a lewd, grouchy, fitfully indecent silent-movie director might have made for his first time using color and sound. That, at least, would explain the shouting.	Ribald, sweet, and sentimental, Amarcord is a larger-than-life journey through a seaside village and its colorful citizens.
Once again, something that might have been a faintly amusing sketch on Saturday Night Live -- maybe even a tolerable 30-minute short, had the writing been more clever -- gets tortured into the shape of a feature film.	Hot Rod is a fresh, hip take on the Bumbling Idiot genre that made Will Ferrell a superstar, and Samberg throws himself into the role with an amiable mix of birthday-entertainer goofiness and klutzy bravado.	You may enjoy the way Schaffer and Samberg prolong Rod's pratfalls to absurd length, but the pleasure fades because there's no skill to the slapstick, only glorified amateurism.	You're either going to wet your pants laughing, or you're going to scratch your head and wonder if you're getting too old.	Samberg can't carry this, though director Akiva Schaffer supplies some hilarious, Jackass-style wipeouts.	A few funny scenes can't save the disjointed Hot Rod, which is too silly and sloppy to hold up.
Bright and very funny... manages to recreate a filmmaking style that was practically a parody of itself in the first place.	Down With Love's recreation of an older movie genre is little more than a stunt. However, it's a stunt filled with fun and a seemingly endless supply of wit.	It's cute fluff and there is enough there to make up for the weight that keeps it from flying.	A dazzling tribute to the squeaky-clean romance films of the 1960s, complete with double entendres, split-screen phone conversations, and constant flamboyant costume changes.	Down with Love doesn't even possess the dippy level of misunderstood sexual mischievousness so pronounced in a predictably heavy-handed '70s double-entendre Three's Company rerun.	Looks great, but Zellweger and McGregor have no chemistry together, and the self-satisfied, knowing tone grates.
'Tomboy' makes its points about gender identity and confusion without resorting to cheap laughs or overwrought drama.	Sciamma pictures the story in dappled sunlight and wooded fields that, though not far from dull apartment blocks, have an out-of-time seductiveness.	A must-see if you've ever felt ill at ease with expectations tied to your gender, and a beautifully performed and intriguing drama even if you haven't.	This charming, delicate and wholly captivating story of a ten-year-old girl who just wants to be one of the boys will get a big boost from positive responses from critics and audiences alike.	Its young heroine is proud to be herself; there's just not much for her to do beyond that.	In tune with the emotion and tribulations of childhood, Tomboy is a charming movie that treats its main subject with warmth and heart.
The weird turns that Davy's life takes always feel emotionally honest, thanks in no small measure to Geraghty's achingly true performance.	Easier With Practice is an intimate drama about a fledgling author with a sensitive soul.	Geraghty's wounded-pup appeal keeps the movie alive even as it heads for a dreary, even-more-implausible-than-the-setup third act. Writer-director Kyle Patrick Alvarez, though, usually finds the right tone and appears to have a promising future.	Excellent American indie that tugs hard on the heartstrings.	An engaging and moving tale.	This promising debut from writer-director Kyle Patrick Alvarez is anchored by a startlingly honest and tender performance from Brian Geraghty that helps make Easier with Practice more than just another road trip drama.
Hot Tub Time Machine is an amiable time-waster but, given the concept, it could have been rather more than that.	How bad must a movie be to be good fun? How dumb to be smart? Whatever the case, Hot Tub Time Machine doesn't make the cut.	The most attention-getting, stupid/brilliant high-concept title since Snakes on a Plane turns out to be the first and last memorable thing about Hot Tub Time Machine.	The story is interesting enough, but the characters are so shallow and venal I couldn't work up any interest in what happens to them.	Steve Pink manages to connect self-conscious cinematic nostalgia to middle-aged anomie with rowdy affection.	Its flagrantly silly script -- and immensely likable cast -- make up for most of its flaws.
A sweet -- and often very honest -- look at life, and another example of how criminally underused Will Ferrell's talents are.	It's a low-key movie that sneaks up on you gradually until, by the end, you realize you wouldn't mind spending more time with these characters.	The best that can be said about Everything Must Go is that it's slightly less nauseating than The Beaver.	This is not a film that takes itself too seriously, but it is also not a 'comedy' in the strictest sense.	It's a genuinely unexpected performance, one of those things that you never would have predicted, but once you see it you realize it's perfect.	It may not improve on the Raymond Carver short story that inspired it, but Everything Must Go resists cliche and boasts a pair of magnetic performances from the perfectly cast Ferrell and Wallace.
This gorgeous, unknowable, deeply affecting film makes Primer look almost conventional, given time travel is a genre filmgoers know a little something of.	Upstream Color is lush, rhythmic, and deeply sensual, a film of exceptional beauty.	Baffling from beginning to end, but also woozily beautiful.	Carruth's mindmelt of mesmerism, metempsychosis and micro-organisms will leave some a little cold, most bemused if not utterly baffled, and near all needing to see it a second time.	What the movie points to is worth following until you're left with an enormous map that you spend the rest of the drive trying to refold.	As technically brilliant as it is narratively abstract, Upstream Color represents experimental American cinema at its finest -- and reaffirms Shane Carruth as a talent to watch.
Too bad it's saddled with a predictable storyline and such feckless dialogue that you can't help but view the whole thing as an exercise in stupidity.	Viewers hoping to understand the senseless phenomenon of football hooliganism would do better to rent Alan Clarke's nearly 20-year-old The Firm.	The script is a jumble of caricatures and cliches.	As a dissertation on suppressed male aggression, it's a compelling movie. As entertainment, it's visceral but mildly unfulfilling.	Director Lexi Alexander wants to make a message movie yet also seems attracted by the firms' macho ethics.	When it comes to the subculture of soccer thugs, Green Street Hooligans lacks sufficient insight, and instead comes off as a Fight Club knock-off.
no other current director blends comedy and drama as smoothly or with as much flair	One of the strangest, most heavily layered and assured films that Almodovar has ever made -- possibly his masterpiece -- sly, funny, incredibly convoluted and, ultimately, almost devastatingly moving.	There is no preaching to be found here, only a heart-touching embrace of life in all its flawed glory.	At heart, it's a sick, scandalous joke, but you can't quite bring yourself to laugh at something so deeply felt and so gravely elegant.	Talk to Her sneaks up on you and then refuses to let you go. You find yourself absorbed in the lives of these characters, anxious to see what happens next and stunned by the emotional complexity of what Almodovar has achieved.	Another masterful, compassionate work from Pedro Almodovar.
The surprise is not necessarily that Dillon has a unique voice, but rather that the voice is so bizarrely dark and uninhibitedly exotic.	It been over 20 years since Matt Dillon made his mark as an actor in "The Outsiders" and now it's his turn to do the same as a writer-director with directorial debut, "City of Ghosts." While his visionary aspects to the film are impressive due to its loca	Despite setting a nicely taut and tense mood throughout this psychological thriller, Dillon ultimately fails with the story.	A good thriller that lacks the flamboyance to be truly great.	It's the usual murky affair, which has the unfortunate side-effect of pulling Dillon's direction down into the mire.	Atmospheric, but that's about it.
This is the ultimate celluloid Rorschach test, where the production refuses to offer a straightforward solution to the maze of thorny challenges.	A film we return to over the years, for the beauty of its images and because we hope to understand its mysteries.	Wonderfully complex but warmly human, Bergman's drama is one of his very best.	[...]Persona marks a radical break for Bergman, an acknowledgment up front of the illusion and fundamental artifice of making movies.	Maybe one's quarrel with Bergman has to do with a feeling that even austerity begins to look like a special kind of emotional self-indulgence.	Arguably Bergman's finest film, Persona explores the human condition with intense curiosity, immense technical skill, and beguiling warmth.
Stevan Riley's look at the life and career of Marlon Brando is far more personally revealing than any previous biography.	Even when it periodically loses itself to artful digressions, "Listen to Me Marlon" remains absorbing and intensely intimate, miraculously discovering a new Marlon Brando over a decade after his death.	A fascinating portrait of one of the 20th century's greatest artists.	The film is a portrait of an artist as a man throughout the course of his life.	The man who emerged as a robust but sensitive star in the 1950s offers much frank introspection, some of it no doubt inspired by the late-life family tragedies with which Riley bookends his film.	Listen to Me Marlon offers a fascinating look at the inner life of a Hollywood icon, told in his own words.
It's simply the best trial movie ever made.	Otto at the top of his game.	It's almost Jimmy in a Hitchcock film, but it's not	Credit Stewart again for doing the film's dirty work: holding our attention as a sweet-natured defense attorney and then shocking us with how hard-edged and aloof he can become.	Otto Preminger's cynical view of the judicial system is curiously contemporary and still serves as a blueprint for numerous TV 'tec shows.	One of cinema's greatest courtroom dramas, Anatomy of a Murder is tense, thought-provoking, and brilliantly acted, with great performances from James Stewart and George C. Scott.
A strong film from Oliver Stone that captures the stoned out thrill of truly groundbreaking music that provided the backbeat for a tumultuous time in American history.	Val Kilmer does, however, pull off a remarkable impression of the troubled vocalist, although he's more convincing on stage than he is in his drunken, drug-fuelled reveries.	Tedious and self-important	Ultimately, it's the music that tells you more about the nihilism of Jim Morrison than Oliver Stone ever could.	The flaw in the film is its unrelenting tone of bombast. It never gives you a break. You ache for a moment of quietude, an escape from the lizard king's cranium.	Val Kilmer delivers a powerhouse performance as one of rock's most incendiary figures, but unfortunately, Oliver Stone is unable to shed much light on the circus surrounding the star.
John Ford's adaptation of the John Steinbeck novel is moving and heartfelt, despite its random structure and rambling, overwrought (and overly political) narrative.	Captures the stark plainness of the migrants, stripped to a few possessions, left with innumerable relations and little hope.	What really solidifies the greatness of The Grapes of Wrath is Ford's ability to blend the personal and political without causing damage to either characters or themes.	John Ford won a direcing Oscar for this adaptation of John Steinbeck's Pulitzer prize-winning novel, which features great cinematography by Toland and one of Henry Fonda's most iconic roles.	The Grapes of Wrath, whether in novel or movie form, remains a shockingly potent work of social criticism to this day.	A potent drama that is as socially important today as when it was made, The Grapes of Wrath is affecting, moving, and deservedly considered an American classic.
Under the hammy direction of Peter Jackson The Lovely Bones has lost its poetic bone structure. What was a complex, quirky novel has been turned into a movie mishmash of Lord of the Rings and High School Musical, with a serial killer thrown in.	Parental Content Review	The story shuttles back and forth between a placid 1970s suburbia and an afterlife that looks disconcerting like the cover of a Yes album; both are bloodless, all look and no vitality.	Following a devastatingly beautiful first act, the film goes downhill in unfathomably fatal ways. The Lovely Bones is a startling mess of near-epic proportions, one of 2009's very biggest disappointments.	It's not [Jackson's] Technicolor screensaver design for heaven that really dents the credibility of the film. It's that he glosses over those parts of story which made Sebold's book so relatable for us mortals.	It's stuffed full of Peter Jackson's typically dazzling imagery, but The Lovely Bones suffers from abrupt shifts between horrific violence and cloying sentimentality.
If the film shows that few men are as unreasonable as Ralph Nader, it also shows that few have so succeeded in shaping their world: His legacy of progressive legislation will affect generations to come.	Compelling Nader docu isn't just for lefties.	A spellbinding cautionary tale about the dangers of purity and the ugly necessity of compromise and pragmatism.	An Unreasonable Man shows us how one individual, albeit a very special one in Ralph Nader, can change the world.	Structured chronologically and somewhat dryly, An Unreasonable Man makes a strong, nonhagiographic case for Nader's impact: maturing under the influence of a verbal immigrant father.	A compelling documentary that humanizes the controversial, polarizing politician.
If I were pressed to come up with the best film from my favorite director, it could well be this one.	2001 speaks by monolith -- that is, by image, metaphor, poetry, and suggestion.	2001 will doubtless retain its mythic resonance -- an optimistic prediction of first contact with other, presumably wiser, life forms -- long after we've stopped scribbling that cluster of numbers in our checkbooks.	A beautiful, confounding picture that had half the audience cheering and the other half snoring.	brilliantly conceived	One of the most influential of all sci-fi films -- and one of the most controversial -- Stanley Kubrick's 2001 is a delicate, poetic meditation on the ingenuity -- and folly -- of mankind.
Harris has created an enduring portrait of this man, self-destructive, violent and difficult, who changed the face of American abstract expressionism.	If Harris the actor has been a talent to cherish for several years now, the arrival of Harris the director makes the future appear twice as bright.	Feels like a visual sampling of the artist's life, rather than a revealing exploration of the person behind the creative and cultural legend.	That altogether rare movie about an artist that works because it takes the art itself for granted.	We end up caring enough to follow him through his short life, glimpsing what it might have been like at the birth of great 20th-century art.	Though Pollock does not really allow audiences a glimpse of the painter as a person, it does powerfully depict the creative process. Harris throws himself into the role and turns in a compelling performance.
Mixes the melodrama of Twilight with the hokey horror of The Village but falls short of being 'so bad its good.' It's just not good.	Tepid, twisted re-imagining of Charles Perrault's medieval fable - but the melodramatic script never makes much sense and chemistry is entirely lacking between the heroine and her suitors.	Hardwicke's envisioning rarely achieves the sort of nightmarish quality the material suggests.	If they had just picked one way to go with it -- mystery, monster story, inquisition metaphor -- it would have probably worked. Instead its trying to go in a lot of different directions at once and ultimately gets nowhere.	The unfortunate combination of a hackneyed script and inexperienced acting makes the film feel like the big-budget version of a bad high-school play.	Amanda Seyfried is magnetic in Red Riding Hood's starring role, but she's let down by her uninspired leading men and a painfully cliched script.
This gently engaging adventure is his warmest, wittiest film since The Life Aquatic. It keeps us smiling all the way through.	a farce of whimsical philosophical import	Moonrise Kingdom’s heartfelt search and rescue of a feel-good result provides a perfect, even musical counterpoint to its regimented summer camp.	I liked this one because of its young performers, the evocative island setting (filmed in Rhode Island), Alexandre Desplat's lovely score and Robert Yeoman's slightly grainy cinematography.	A sweet, charming and altogether delightful bit of whimsy from writer/director Wes Anderson.	Warm, whimsical, and poignant, the immaculately framed and beautifully acted Moonrise Kingdom presents writer/director Wes Anderson at his idiosyncratic best.
"The Invisible War" makes all too clear that the military isn't very good at justice.	Kirby Dick has again shown great restraint in presenting such inflammatory material, betting a clear-eyed approach will have an inflammatory effect on his audience -- and it does.	One of those documentaries that you watch both fascinated and repulsed - and one of those films that you sense just might be instrumental in helping to change an utterly unacceptable status quo.	This travesty has been encouraged by a military culture that blames the victim and a policy directing soldiers to refer complaints to their commanding officer, which typically results in no action or even reprisals against those speaking out.	Tears are not hard evidence, but they are hard to resist as anecdotal testimony.	The Invisible War is a vital and frank expose on sexual assault in the U.S. military, shot by master filmmaker Kirby Dick (This Film is Not Yet Rated).
We realize how pitiful the situation is, how hopeless and desperate life has become for these people. No matter what we thought about Iraq, we see things a little differently.	Bahman Ghobadi works best on pain and suffering; he's passionate about filming his people (Kurds) from the inside of the society, with the focus on their miseries	[Ghobadi's] use of children in peril ... crosses the uneasy line between realism and overt manipulation. Still, it's impossible to deny the sheer shivery force of the film.	Ghobadi has little use for sentimentality, and never flinches from the fate of these children.	Whatever your feelings about the war in Iraq, it's impossible to not be moved by the displaced, maimed and killed children left in the conflict's wake.	Set in Iraq after the fall of Saddam, Turtles Can Fly is being hailed as extraordinary, moving, and lyrical.
An exploration of child abuse that reflects grim, unrelenting intelligence.	Contains a few flat notes of community participation, but Araki locates all the necessary surges of hopelessness and misguided desire, ending victorious in his quest to adapt Scott Heim's provocative novel.	Araki has given us his most mature work yet, a fiercely focused yet oddly dreamlike meditation on innocence and loss.	Starts to play like dada.	Remains elusive on some levels but it does one remarkable thing: It allows us to understand the high price that the victims pay.	Bold performances and sensitive, spot-on direction make watching this difficult tale of trauma and abuse a thought-provoking, resonant experience.
There are plenty of soulless movies around. What's special about Days of Thunder is that it works overtime trying to convince you it's not one of them.	A Top Gun for the NASCAR set.	Fun racing movie. Cruise in top melodramatic form with Duvall as an anchor.	Trashy, formulatic thriller actioner, directed by Tony Scott, who had earlier helmed the 1986 Top Gun, which catapulted Tom Cruise to stardom.	The nerve of these people, recycling that story. No, the shrewdness of these people.	Days of Thunder has Tom Cruise and plenty of flash going for it, but they aren't enough to compensate for the stock plot, two-dimensional characters, and poorly written dialogue.
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking, but it is unwavering and arresting.	For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s, the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed.	At best, The Trials of Henry Kissinger constitutes an indictment, not a conviction.	Deploying a seamless blend of talking-head interviews, trenchant archival photographs and newsreels, topped off by a sheaf of newly declassified U.S. government documents, Gibney and Jarecki are smart enough to let the evidence and experts do the talking.	Jarecki's film is jampacked with information -- both fact and opinion -- utilizing news and interview footage, archival photographs and talking heads.	This compelling unauthorized biography takes a muckraker's view of the controversial diplomat.
A gaudy, contrived bit of cinematic legerdemain thick with style and atmosphere but distinctly short on logic and sense.	Plot-wise, there isn't great depth to The Recruit.	Interessante até o terceiro ato, quando se perde em 'reviravoltas' completamente previsíveis.	Slick enough to be entertaining to the end, though it's never hard to guess what's really going on, and despite all the twists there are few surprises.	The story is almost to the point that if you saw the trailer - you saw the film.	This polished thriller is engaging until it takes one twist too many into the predictable.
The story of Frank McCourt's triumph makes it to the screen intact. It's the lyricism, the heartbeat, that seem to be missing.	The film lacks development and dramatic coherence.	Constantly intriguing and gorgeously crafted.	Mostly misses the humor, lyricism and emotional charge of Frank McCourt's magical and magnificent memoir.	Despite the grievous mood integral to telling the story of the McCourt family, Angela's Ashes never descends to a level of complete despondency.	In spite of its attempts to accurately record Frank McCourt's memoirs, the onscreen adaptation fails to capture any of the drama or humor of his life.
Carries the mystique of Walt Disney, whose animated features can be regarded as a genetic line with ups and downs as compellingly dramatic as the history of royal families.	All too often the movie's breadth comes at the expense of its depth.	The joy of cartoons meets the agony of office politics in this fascinating, inside- Hollywood-baseball documentary about how Disney, against all odds, revived the art of feature-length drawn animation.	Objectivity is impossible under the best circumstances, and perhaps Hahn comes as close to "fair and balanced" as possible. But unavoidably there's a sense of untold stories and elided details lurking right beneath the surface.	It's a must-see for any Disney purist, but is also an emotive, stunningly valuable documentary in its own right.	It doesn't probe as deep -- or tell as many hard truths -- as it could have, but Don Hahn's look at Disney's rebirth offers a fascinating and surprisingly candorous glimpse into the studio's past.
Its feelings for time, place and blue-collar people are genuine, and its vision is that of an original, major new film maker.	This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War.	Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways.	Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain.	Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes.	Its greatness is blunted by its length and one-sided point of view, but the film's weaknesses are overpowered by Michael Cimino's sympathetic direction and a series of heartbreaking performances from Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep, and Christopher Walken.
Polley gets great work from the entire cast.	A remarkable character study from actress-turned-director Sarah Polley, Away From Her is a triumph for Christie, who like Helen Mirren and Diane Keaton, grows lovelier and more compelling with every performance.	Away From Her should be required viewing for caregivers, and perhaps for all of us who have aging relatives.	Away From Her is that rare movie that breaks hearts with finesse and reserve, not through brute force.	Away From Her is poignant, wise and unafraid -- just the sort of film for a young person, or any person, for that matter, to make.	An accomplished directorial debut by Sarah Polley, Away From Her is a touching exploration of the effects of Alzheimer's, in which the tender wisdom of Polley's script is beautifully complemented by a wonderful performance from Julie Christie.
The movie's an epic, but that's just a nice way of saying it's boring and lasts forever.	One of the darkest visions of humanity I have ever seen.	Day-Lewis' larger-than-life Bill is one of the great characters of movies.	Martin Scorseses dream project finally explodes on the screen after years of planning and another year of delays.	A lavish folly that suffers from an odd downscale effect.	Though flawed, the sprawling, messy Gangs of New York is redeemed by impressive production design and Day-Lewis's electrifying performance.
A dark and gritty sci-fi thriller, 12 Monkeys stands apart from other sci-fi films, due to its unique and twisted concept on the future of mankind.	A clever, complex, and poignant success is as astonishing as it is satisfying.	speculative fiction at its best in that it doesn't just trifle with science fiction concepts, but rather tells a grander story with characters and world disasters	Dark and somber like Blade Runner, this sci-fi is a spectacular mess, a convoluted film with too many ideas for its own good, blending (among other things) the virus thriller with the post-apocalyptic genre.	Willis and Pitts's performances, Gilliam's atmospherics and an exhilarating momentum easily outweigh such trifling flaws.	The plot's a bit of a jumble, but excellent performances and mind-blowing plot twists make 12 Monkeys a kooky, effective experience.
An espionage thriller which focuses on strong character development, performances and setting, Breach could have been a contender had it not been for the ill informed depictions of the characters Catholic faith.	When your false spy rings the truest, there's a problem.	Just when you're thinking every new American film belongs in the Bomb Squad, along comes Breach to win one for our side.	The gamesmanship going on in the heads of Cooper and Phillippe makes Breach intensely involving.	Without Cooper's performance, Breach would have been a good, workmanlike thriller. His presence lifts it to a whole new level.	Powered by Chris Cooper's masterful performance, Breach is a tense and engaging portrayal of the FBI's infamous turncoat.
We remember the quiet, empty passages, the sun rising across the desert, the intricate lines traced by the wind in the sand.	A movie with scope, tremendous clarity of vision and purpose; simply put, it is a film for the ages, an epic in every sense.	O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.	Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.	Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.	The epic of all epics, Lawrence of Arabia cements director David Lean's status in the filmmaking pantheon with nearly four hours of grand scope, brilliant performances, and beautiful cinematography.
With style, passion, and intelligence, Elizabeth answers the question lurking silently amid mounting slag heaps of cheesy Princess Di memorabilia: What is this thing we have about royalty?	This is a fine piece of filmmaking that gives you history but still contains the right elements of sex, intrigue and suspense to keep it from being starched.	An excellent film, it does not warrant a higher rating because it assumes the audience is very familiar with Elizabeth I's rise to the throne.	I ended up liking it, even though I kept wishing it was over.	A powerful, arty production, with a strong cast (with a couple of exceptions), perfoming well.	No mere historical drama, Elizabeth is a rich, suspenseful journey into the heart of British Royal politics, and features a typically outstanding performance from Cate Blanchett.
Cheerleader is certainly refreshing.	The way the film handles how gay and lesbian stereotypes ... is both charming and funny.	Will put girls off the proffession forever. An utter mess of a movie.	The struggles of gay teenagers are handled with vast humor, insight and honesty.	The edgy dialogue keeps the film fresh, lively and light.	Critics think that But I'm a Cheerleader could have been better. The acting is stiff at times and the plot is surprisingly unoriginal.
Gondry manages to keep his balance for most of the film, deriving humor and pathos from Stéphane's difficulties with his waking life.	For all its lighthearted flights-of-fancy, The Science of Sleep turns out to be a surprisingly heartbreaking affair.	The difference between Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and The Science of Sleep is the difference between a good pop song and a great punk record.	Comes off as frustratingly surreal and even a bit pretentious.	Michel Gondry is to visual art as Van Gogh is to post-impressionism; vivid bold and fearless, the seam of reality is present but you're never quite sure where they will lead your emotions, while taking an established artform to a different level.	Lovely and diffuse, Sleep isn't as immediately absorbing as Gondry's previous work, but its messy beauty is its own reward.
The jokes are obvious and tend towards the scatological. The rambling dialogue also makes this an endurance test. Year One, Audience Enjoyment Nil.	Jack Black plays Bud Abbott to Michael Cera's Lou Costello in a movie about as relevant to today's audiences as the Abbott and Costello Show.	The people who made Year One seem to think that all you have to do to make a hit comedy is get a bunch of jokesters together. But where are the jokes?	Year One has one joke, but it's a good one, played for many variations over the course of an often very funny comedy.	"Year One" is the kind of stuff Mel Brooks would have whipped up back in the day -- and, frankly, whipped through in about a half-hour.	Year One is a poorly executed, slapdash comedy in which the talent both in front of and behind the camera never seem to be on the same page.
The world of Babe isn't a seamless one, but it's surely inviting and rewarding.	A dazzling family entertainment with enormous charm that utilizes breathtaking technical innovation.	Australian director Chris Noonan and producer George Miller show what real talent and imagination can do, even without big-name humans as costars.	This little piggy is a very big deal	[It's] a comedy of animal manners that is much funnier and much cannier than any recent movie about human relationships: a lovely, stubbornly idiosyncratic fable of aspiration and survival.	The rare family-friendly feature with a heart as big as its special effects budget, Babe offers timeless entertainment for viewers of all ages.
After an hiatus, Sean Connery was lured back to the series with a huge paycheck but the end result is decidedly a mediocre feature.	The worst of the Connery Bond films.	A gentle burlesque of the story elements established by the first six entries ...	Diamonds Are Forever doesn't carry the same quality or flair as its many predecessors.	Connery has a ball with great stunts, snappy dialogue and a bevy of typically Bondish beauties.	Diamonds are Forever is a largely derivative affair, but it's still pretty entertaining nonetheless, thanks to great stunts, witty dialogue, and the presence of Sean Connery.
A solidly crafted entertainment that, for the most part, strikes a successful balance between commercial necessity and personal expression.	Boasts two bravura performances--from Newman, who finally -- and deservedly -- won an Oscar for Best Actor, and Cruise, who is a joy to behold. Watch for Forest Whittaker and Iggy Pop in colorful bit roles.	It doesn't have the electricity, the wound-up tension, of [Scorsese's] best work, and as a result I was too aware of the story marching by.	The film is carried by Paul Newman's intelligent performance.	Word is that Paul Newman gave Iggy Pop the cold shoulder during the filming.	That it's inferior to the original goes without saying, but Paul Newman and Tom Cruise are a joy to watch, and Martin Scorsese's direction is typically superb.
If Divine were still alive today, he-she might well be wintering on the edge of The Salton Sea.	a one-off kinda film that is worth seeing for its sheer jaw-drop factor	Although the lake may be slowly dying, it is still beloved by a motley bunch of eccentrics who are profiled in the highly entertaining documentary Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea.	[An] occasionally lighthearted but always affecting cautionary tale.	Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea is a sort of ecological morality tale. This film is fascinating like a slow motion road accident.	Plagues And Pleasures is a thoroughly engrossing account, both humorous and disheartening, of a once bustling community ravaged by ecological change and human greed.
...has an intensity usually reserved for Greek tragedy.	This is a real grabber.	Building to a darkly ironic conclusion antithetical to anything Hollywood would produce, Infernal Affairs vividly illustrates the Buddhist concept of "continuous hell."	Potboiler Hong Kong cop drama with a fairly interesting plot about moral dilemmas and mixed allegiances.	It's amazing there haven't been a dozen movies like it.	Smart and engrossing, this is one of Hong Kong's better cop thrillers.
Weird and wonderful	When the movie does actually reach the factory, and Gene Wilder takes the stage, the movie is saved.	Starring Gene Wilder, this offbeat comedy-fantasy for children has achieved a status in pop culture	It's all wonderfully colorful and imaginative, and filled with a multitude of references and jokes that will be understood only by adults.	Aspires to the whimsy and fantasy of The Wizard of Oz but doesn't really capture the magic… more a fond tribute to 'pure imagination' than a triumph of it.	Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory is strange yet comforting, full of narrative detours that don't always work but express the film's uniqueness.
Chabrol's astute dissection of sex, class and show business. Bravo, Claude, a rare man in profound touch with the darker impulses of his species.	Chabrol is a past master at visual storytelling and a stiletto wit.	It's billed as a 'Hitchcockian thriller,' but frankly I see nothing either Hitchcockian nor thrilling this same-old Gallic tale...	The film intrigues throughout, although suffers from an opaque performance from Sagnier and a capper of such literal symbolism it blunts what came before it.	By the time the story springs to life and becomes the thriller, of sorts, that it seems set up to be, we have had to sit through 90-odd minutes of turgid melodrama.	Nouvelle Vague master Claude Chabrol balances subtle stabs of humor and biting class criticism to explore a love story and the seedier side of the haute bourgeois.
Feig's sympathies toward young misfits are still thankfully evident, but the mature, realistic approach that made 'Freaks and Geeks' so refreshing is missing here.	In the context of comedy films, Unaccompanied Minors is probably mediocre at best	...features more smart, funny people than any other dumb, unfunny film I've ever seen.	This romp just isn't funny or original enough to become a holiday classic. Although the solid cast makes it watchable.	A ragged but extremely amiable family comedy.	Unaccompanied Minors, while featuring credible performances by its mostly young cast, is simply a rehash of other, funnier movies.
Streep owns every minute she's on screen in The Devil Wears Prada.	Sophisticated comedies are rarely Oscar contenders but this may be the funniest chick-flick you're likely to see all summer.	The Devil Wears Prada is being positioned as a movie for grown-ups and others who know what, or who, or when, or where, Prada is.	Clothes to die for and an outrageous fashion diva compete for attention in this dishy comedy.	Streep and Tucci are wonderful (but) best of all is Emily Blunt, who plays the bitchy, ambition-obsessed Emily with a deft touch.	A rare film that surpasses the quality of its source novel, this Devil is a witty expose of New York's fashion scene, with Meryl Streep in top form and Anne Hathaway more than holding her own.
This is brilliant, subtle acting. And Lattuada's filmmaking matches it, with his blend of neo-realism and easy theatricality. He doesn't waste a shot.	Uproariously delightful... Mafioso isn't a straight black satire of Sicilian culture so much as a suspenseful near-tragedy leavened by the zesty, irreverent wit that helped define the golden age of Italian comedies.	Filmed in Milan, Sicily, and New York, Alberto Lattuada's 1962 black comedy is one of his most critically suc	Alberto Lattuadas incomparable, half-forgotten 1962 crime comedy-travelogue is at once a giddy mixture of farce, satire and opera buffa.	An exuberant and always riveting mosaic of comedy, drama, social comment, suspense, psychological insight and travelogue.	Mafioso begins as an amusing farce and skillfully transforms into a portentous social drama.
Everything is so picture-perfect that it plays like hackneyed fiction rather than the real-life drama to which it aspires.	A sweetly specific story, tenderly told.	Against all odds, My Life Without Me succeeds in spite of itself.	A tearjerker that falters in its attempts at deep thoughts.	Fascinating.	Sarah Polley keeps this production afloat with her moving performance.
Longtime fans of Walker's warm, sepulchral baritone, startlingly evocative songwriting and lushly imaginative instrumentation will rejoice at this revealing docu.	A ghostly, sonorous boom that sometimes feels like the loneliest sound in the world.	A pitch-perfect, and hilarious, spoof on pop industry pretension and the biopic format.	This stylish documentary cleverly examines one of the most influential artists of the past 40 years, telling his personal story and vividly showing his impact on the industry.	Scott Walker: 30 Century Man, is the story of and oracular singer, experimental composer, British-based American expatriate and reclusive cult figure.	Scott Walker: 30 Century Man is a stylish portrait of an influential artist that will fascinate fans and neophytes alike.
Flags of Our Fathers is as painstaking as a documentary but without the satisfaction of a documentary or the impact of a drama.	Eastwood's retelling has enough questionable tales that make it seem revisionist. It's a good enough story to tell it straight without straining to make some negative points.	Cutting back and forth in time, the movie is confusing and slackly paced at first, but it eventually gains its footing.	Some of the acting is stiffer than the only one not drinking at an Irish Wake, but Flags of our Fathers is a rare historical snapshot that, true or not, is as honest a movie that you'll find these days.	The thing most likely to flag is your interest	Flags of Our Fathers is both a fascinating look at heroism, both earned and manufactured, and a well-filmed salute to the men who fought at the battle of Iwo Jima.
A surprisingly suspenseful and entertaining film, it is Shyamalan's best in a while.	[V]eers from the intensely banal... to the impossibly ludicrous...	Devil deserves the attention it's likely to never receive.	Like a Goosebumps adaptation for semi-adults. This creature's not scary or gory enough for anyone over 15 but takes a few stabs at notions of revenge, guilt and forgiveness. Then shrugs, folds up its wings and screeches back off into the darkness.	M. Night Shyamalan at his most messianic -- he just takes too long to get to the frights.	It's better than many of the other films M. Night Shyamalan has been associated with, but Devil never gets more than a few low-budget thrills out of its fiendishly promising premise.
Stylish, brisk but lacking in human dimension.	The film is full of cockeyed angles, extreme close-ups, flashbacks and slow-motion, as DePalma tries to create the illusion that somewhere buried in all the busy detail of plot, something is actually at stake in Mission: Impossible.	Starts with a whimper... and, you guessed it... self-destructs.	An incredibly boring and confusing espionage thriller...So inept on so many levels that it could easily be called The Bonfire of the Secret Agents.	This movie isn't a disaster, but, all things considered, there's little reason to make it a high priority for theatrical viewing.	Full of special effects, Brian DePalma's update of Mission: Impossible has a lot of sweeping spectacle, but the plot is sometimes convoluted.
The 39 Steps (1935) is one of the earlier Alfred Hitchcock British spy-chase suspense-thrillers from a vintage period	In Hitchcock's hands, however, this well-known espionage adventure provided the basis for a new sort of thriller and a new sort of comedy.	It's melodrama and at times far-fetched and improbable, but the story twists and spins artfully from one high-powered sequence to another while the entertainment holds like steel cable from start to finish.	The 39 Steps is a masterclass in propulsive narrative cinema that even today's so-called blockbuster auteurs should study.	Wonderful early sound, quite British Hitchcock thriller	Packed with twists and turns, this essential early Alfred Hitchcock feature hints at the dazzling heights he'd reach later in his career.
Even if they do finally get to leave, the film's dispiriting message seems to tell us, in eight centuries there will probably be a new set of soldiers guarding Beaufort.	A riveting depiction of combat-zone terror, this film's main strength is its understatement.	Engaging war drama that subtly mixes in several different genres to intriguing effect, though it occasionally relies too heavily on cliches.	Beautiful in its way and terrible in its implications, Beaufort marks Cedar as a distinctive and impassioned talent.	This Oscar-nominated drama makes excellent use of its location and ensemble cast.	Beaufort is a deeply observant and meditative war film, masterfully rendered by director Joseph Cedar.
Offers a bevy of first-person scares and moments rife with tension.	[Rec] 2 is probably the most effective horror sequel I've seen since 28 Weeks Later.	Where the first [REC] was a jump-and-scare flick that put you in the victim's point of view, [REC]2 takes things a little further.	Bloodthirsty zombies come out to play to diminishing effect in this DIY-style Spanish horror sequel.	Fast and violent, with feral demon kids and a surplus of imaginative restatements of the genre's best-loved clichés.	It lacks the surprising jolt of the first installment, but [REC] 2 almost maintains the original's chilling momentum -- and proves not all horror sequels were made equal.
The thrills-and-spills chases are superbly orchestrated as pic spins at breakneck speed through its South Florida and Central American locations.	Licence to Kill ranks as one of the best of the 16 Bond films, thanks to Dalton's athletic, tough and deadly new 007.	A well-produced slick high-octane action thriller that remains escapist and as entertaining as possible throughout.	A sign that the Bond series is improving.	He may look the part, but Timothy Dalton fails the boots, the scuba gear, or the automobiles left him by Moore and Connery.	License to Kill is a sharp action picture -- it's darker than many of the other entries, with Timothy Dalton playing Bond with intensity -- but it still has some solid chases and fight scenes.
The Salt of the Earth, has the power to draw you into its world, transfix, and perhaps eventually transform you.	"The Salt of The Earth" is a mesmeric and unforgettable look at the world and it sufferings through the eyes of a remarkably insightful and honorable artist.	Wim Wenders delivers another generously appreciative fellow-artist collaboration with this luminous portrait of epic photographer Sebastiăo Salgado.	If you want to know what it takes to be a world-class photographer, you don't want to miss this movie.	The Salt of the Earth lets us look for a long time and consider Sebastiăo Selgado's photography in the same way Selgado might	While the work it honors may pose thorny ethical questions that Salt of the Earth neglects to answer, it remains a shattering, thought-provoking testament to Sebastiăo Salgado's career.
... starts out as a meditation on the nature of art and the machinations of the marketplace ... curdles into an inconclusive and trivializing whodunit.	A fascinating subject handled with intelligently provocative care.	Maddening and more than a little thought-provoking.	... the storytelling is a little crude, the filming equally so, and in the end, audiences may feel that those who were prepared to pay thousands of dollars for one of Marla's paintings must be philosophical: if they love the work, the money is justified.	Mais interessante do que a provável fraude envolvendo a encantadora Marla é a reveladora sombra que o documentário projeta sobre o universo da arte moderna.	Director Amir Bar-Lev grapples with exposing the authenticity of four-year-old Marla's paintings at the sake of burdening her publicly shamed family to transfixing results.
Highly recommended.	Keep the River on Your Right is not only the fascinating story of one man, but it is also about the cultural changes engendered by (post)modernity that have differentially affected 'us' (that is, humanity in all its varieties) all over the world.	a spiritually uplifting outlook on life	It's to the film's credit that [Schneebaum is] neither vilified nor romanticized.	Unfortunately bitten off more than it can chew.	Keep the River on Your Right places the spotlight on a fascinating individual, Tobias Schneebaum.
When it comes to offensive depictions of disability, even with its abundance in movies, the silence can be really deafening, no pun intended.	In Her Shoes has enough homespun wisdom to make you hurl, but the tone and acting are so sharp, it never feels like a sit-down with Dr. Phil.	Maintains a breezy charm throughout and contains many extremely funny sequences.	It would be a terrible shame if half the population didn't see it because the film was labeled unjustly.	These two actresses are a well-matched pair.	Honesty and solid performances make In Her Shoes a solid fit for all audiences.
The flashy editing gets on one's wick and no one's going to win an Oscar - but, really, who's complaining? This is straight-up fisticuff fun.	Jason Statham has become a kind of poor man's James Bond but if you're expecting a coherent plot, forget it. There isn't one. Just action sequences that often lack continuity.	Though director Olivier Megaton exhibits a good bit of that annoyingly jagged editing that's become all the rage in action films, he has the good sense to never cut away from Statham's pecs.	The third time's the bomb -- and not in a good way.	This action "threequel" is directed by a gentleman named Megaton, so one should not expect subtlety.	This middling installment in the Transporter franchise is a few steps down from its predecessors, featuring generic stunts and a lack of energy.
Don Cheadle and Chiwetel Ejiofor take charge of screen so decisively that any shortcomings in the script are strictly secondary to their dynamic performances	Smart, conflicted, and immensely entertaining.	Watching it becomes an exercise in frustration when a potentially great movie winds up buried inside a just OK one.	Don Cheadle, along with Taraji P. Henson, act up a storm in this biopic about Petey Greene, a 1960s-era deejay who shook up the airwaves with his streetwise rant. Their performances deserve a better film.	[Cheadle] brings warmth, humor, and vulnerability to a role that could easily have been a Good Morning, Vietnam-level blunder.	A riveting look at the life of legendary DJ "Petey" Greene, Talk to Me goes beyond the typical biopic with explosive performances from Don Cheadle and Chiwetal Ejiofor.
Despite the presence of all these action-flick cliches, In the Line of Fire works. Sure, it's no more than a formula movie, but it's an effective formula movie.	While strong performances by John Malkovich and Eastwood make this an engaging movie to watch, director Wolfgang Petersen too often substitutes gratuitous violence for suspense, enigma for narrative and cliches about loneliness for character development.	Preposterous but still thoroughly involving, this tense, kinetic, ingenious thriller is the thinking fan's action movie.	Perhaps Eastwood's best, most complex performance to date.	What separates In The Line Of Fire from the rest of the bog-standard good-guy/bad-guy set-up is the clear implication throughout that these two sworn enemies have more in common than they may think.	A straightforward thriller of the highest order, In the Line of Fire benefits from Wolfgang Peterson's taut direction and charismatic performances from Clint Eastwood and John Malkovich.
Maintaining a surprising whimsical humor, Who Killed the Electric Car? is still too moralistic and lecture-hallish for its own purposes.	No amount of last-reel optimism will cool the anger of progressive-minded auds.	The American dream had become a reality in the electric car, now that's gone forever. How insane is that?	Another few of these squandered opportunities for art-house muckraking and we'll need someone to ask who killed the left-wing documentary.	No matter how fine Paine's intentions, he can't obscure that the movie is, at day's end, the tragic tale of rich people whining because somebody took their trendy toys away.	A searing indictment of big business and greed, Who Killed The Electric Car? is a well-tuned doc that simultaneously entertains and enrages.
An experience -- alternately hilarious, thrilling, and heartbreaking -- that will appeal to every child in the world and every adult who can still recall the happy world of childhood fantasies and fables.	A film you will never forget.	Another magical experience that will have the mother's crying and the kids cheering!	You will believe an elephant can cry.	It's very adult in nature, its themes of alienation being evergreen, just a bit wrongheaded in their delivery	Dumbo packs plenty of story into its brief runtime, along with all the warm animation and wonderful music you'd expect from a Disney classic.
The picture neither lifted my spirit nor made me feel the heightened emotions it was so obviously striving for. Were it not for the purposes of this review, "The Book of Life" would already be completely forgotten.	Superbly designed and animated, but it's also a cluttered endeavor, spending too much time explaining what's going on instead of experiencing the rich multiverse co-writer/director Gutierrez is laboring to create.	Gutierrez has done a commendable job, and one that should enlighten, educate and entrance a younger crowd, as we celebrate the deceased and the memories they've left behind.	Jorge R. Gutierrez subsumes the film's darker themes in a relentlessly busy farrago of predictable kids'-movie tropes and annoying attempts at hipness.	It moves fast, packs in plenty of goofy side business, and never lets self-contradiction or too much thought get in the way.	The Book of Life's gorgeous animation is a treat, but it's a pity that its story lacks the same level of craft and detail that its thrilling visuals provide.
The movie proudly wears its affection for crusty Sergio Leone archetypes and countdown-clock suspense sequences; Carpenter was Tarantino long before Tarantino was.	This almost forgotten film reveals a near-visionary workmanship, a low-budget film heavy on atmosphere and playful of character.	Great B-movie fun.	Gloriously cheesy post-apocalyptic fun with Kurt Russell at his grizzled best.	Vicious scenes are often juxtaposed with comic sequences in a tap dance of contrasting tones that is both bizarre and grandly entertaining.	Featuring an atmospherically grimy futuristic metropolis, Escape from New York is a strange, entertaining jumble of thrilling action and oddball weirdness.
With so many outstanding performances in the film, it is to Maurice Chevalier's great credit that he is able to steal the show.	Splendid MGM Lerner and Lowe musical classic in all areas: stars, music, and overall production.	The great Minnelli was surely one of the masters of the American musical, but Gigi was one of his misfires.	A silly feel-good film, nothing that happens is in the least bit surprising.	A charming delight.	It may not be one of Vincente Minnelli's best, but the charming and flawlessly acted Gigi still offers enough visual and musical treats to satisfy.
Moodysson thrillingly captures the brusque, prevaricating way teenagers talk and act among themselves as well as with adults.	Moodysson creates a fictional world that has all the aesthetic rawness and grittiness of a documentary.	I'm tired of teens talking about make-up and making out. A lesbian twist to an otherwise standard story just isn't enough to make it compelling.	Written and directed by Moodysson with charm, a sense of fun and no condescension.	Unfortunately, as the plot develops, it shies away from exploring that discontent, in favor of demonstrating precisely the kind of naiveté and sweetness that one would expect to find in any teen romance.	A naturalistic depiction of teenage life, Show Me Love has a charming, authentic feel.
The best of the Batman films. Burton is in control here	While the film offers plenty of exhilarating action and features one of the best acting trios of the decade, it still falls short of what moviegoers have come to expect from one of the biggest comic book icons of our time.	Bigger, better and more sophisticated than the first outing.	This time the richness of the Batman movie is not in its production design but rather in Burton's and screenwriter Daniel Waters' Freudian view of adult human behavior.	Darker, more brooding and weirder than the first Batman. It's also funnier and layered with more texture.	Director Tim Burton's dark, brooding atmosphere, Michael Keaton's work as the tormented hero, and the flawless casting of Danny DeVito as The Penguin and Christopher Walken as, well, Christopher Walken make the sequel better than the first.
The film's complex portrait of Seraphine -- who is alternately angry, bewildered, funny, belligerent and tender -- feels as fresh and alive as her work still does.	Next to Demme's expressionism and Troell's realism, Provost's good film is banal.	Engrossing, well-shot bio-pic ... which won seven Cesars, including Best Picture, from the French Academy in 2008, has a gorgeous antique look and a surfeit of empathy. A lovely, lingering film.	It's even-tempered, evenly-paced and decidedly middlebrow.	Lyrical but bracing.	Seraphine is a well-crafted French film that effectively captures one woman's experience with art, religion, and mental illness, and features a brilliant performance from Yolande Moreau.
This is the kind of movie where you find yourself cheering even though you know you're being hoodwinked.	A terrific underdog story	Perhaps a touch on the corny side and undeniably broad, Kid is a ridiculously rewarding drama that puts pure sincerity to marvelous use, inflating a mild underdog story into an inspiring tale of education and developing friendship.	The Karate Kid belongs so irredemiably to its time that you can't feel anything other than affection toward it.	Morita's work in The Karate Kid is iconographic.	Utterly predictable and wholly of its time, but warm, sincere, and difficult to resist, due in large part to Pat Morita and Ralph Macchio's relaxed chemistry.
Priceless.	There is such a thing as comic momentum, and Guest has a good sense of what that means. Comic momentum doesn't refer to nonstop jokes, but to an atmosphere that is always ripe for humor.	Guest's satire of small-town America and amateur actors has a sly edge, it's not mean, and Guest never strips his characters of their dignity.	The comedy has the slow burn of a richly nuanced and non-judgmental character study.	This 1997 comedy may be amusing if you feel a pressing need to feel superior to somebody, but the aim is too broad and scattershot to add up to much beyond an acknowledgment of small-town desperation.	This riotously deadpan mockumentary about aspiring community theater performers never stoops to ridicule oft-ridiculous characters.
With a tighter story and structure, most of the film's problems could have been easily fixed, resulting in a film that doesn't feel like a build-up of superfluous events.	Colombiana is caught somewhere in the middle of an engaging character drama and a brainless action extravaganza.	Colombiana may not be the brainiest of actioners, but one of the merits of producer Luc Besson's latest brainchild is that fanboys worldwide will come away with a scrap of horticultural knowledge as well as a pretty good time.	In Colombiana, a basic formula is reduced to a few broad strokes: she's skinny, she's lethal, she's desperate.	The film is undercooked as a script, but Zoe Saldana commits to it with such ferocity that she makes it feel like everything matters, even when the script doesn't lay out a case for what that is.	Zoe Saldana has the chops but she's taken out by erratic and sloppy filmmaking.
The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely, though in the case of Jarrat's bushman Mick, nice isn't quite the right word.	This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious, gruesome and repulsive. Don't say you weren't warned!	It's not your typical holiday attraction, but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees, if no one else.	'Based on a true story!' - except for all the nasty stuff we just made up.	Mr. McLean uses all sorts of storytelling tricks to keep you guessing while the quartet of unknown actors deliver deeply affecting performances.	Though Wolf Creek is effectively horrific, it is still tasteless exploitation.
A gorgeous, powerful and moving film ... not only the best documentary of the year, but possibly one of the best films period.	An active and engaging look at the human side of the Apollo program.	I wouldn't have missed this chance to revisit one of earth's most significant encounters with deep space for anything.	In the Shadow of the Moon finds new resonance in the moment when America redefined progress -- but also when it heeded the siren song of a world so desolate it reminded you what a paradise ours truly is.	It's so simple, so obvious -- and a revelation.	Director David Sington poetically interwove 20th Century's cosmonautic history with its effect on the public's view of their country, their heroes and their future.
An intense, exciting and highly entertaining film.	Kites is, essentially, a love story. With exploding cars.	A lush, lavish Bollywood-meets-Hollywood fantasy, available for viewing in both a shorter and longer version, courtesy of Brett Ratner.	Basu strictly observes the B-movie convention of giving the audience an embrace, explosion, or chase sequence at regular intervals. If you don't like the genre, wait three minutes.	Director Basu also has a tendency to backlight scenes, giving them epic, otherworldly glows that become all the more distracting with their increasing predictability.	Thoroughly overwrought in true Bollywood fashion, Kites is deeply flawed -- and too effervescently charming to resist.
This postmodern, endlessly referential, utterly ruthless film is an ingenious, delightfully scary fairytale horror flick ...	I don't find the movie the least bit scary or horrific anymore, but I do think it's entertaining.	Devilishly dark humour and mischief romp.	Gremlins is far more interested in showing off its knowledge of movie lore and making random jokes than in providing consistent entertainment.	"It is probably a surefire hit with popcorn and a six-pack of beer on Saturday night."	Whether you choose to see it as a statement on consumer culture or simply a special effects-heavy popcorn flick, Gremlins is a minor classic.
Ron Jeremy is not without fascination, and he makes good company -- up to a point. But like someone who stays until the end of a party, he won't go away.	This all comes through demented editing and a great funky score, which makes watching this documentary a consistently enjoyable and often hilarious experience.	Entertaining, lightly mocking documentary.	As Porn Star makes clear, for all the sex and parties, very little in Ron Jeremy's life is either sexy or fun.	A fascinating if finally familiar portrait.	Porn Star is both an entertaining and poignant documentary on the life of Ron Jeremy.
Basing a feature film on a theme park attraction provides a flimsy foundation, and most of the film feels like padding.	It's like an all-star salute to Disney's cheesy commercialism.	The formidable technical skills in The Country Bears must not be allowed to distract from the film's terminal inanity.	An outdated, Chuck E. Cheese-quality Disneyland attraction...turn it into a trite, cliche-packed embarrassment of a feature film.	Too damn weird to pass up, and for the blacklight crowd, way cheaper (and better) than Pink Floyd tickets.	Despite all the celebrities on hand, this spin-off from a theme park attraction still feels tired and hokey.
Fans of the genre will likely leave it satisfied, although it's not as likely that they'll feel satisfied the whole time they're watching.	Like the mixed martial arts it showcases, Flash Point espouses the belief that there's nothing quite as entertaining as uninhibited brutality.	Yen has developed a recent passion for mixed martial arts, and his more traditional punches and flying kicks are supplemented by some close-quarters Muay Thai kicks and even some jujitsu submission holds. Ultimate Fighting Championship fans will be happy.	Finally -- with barely a half-hour left to go, Donnie Yen does his thing.	I really wanted to see a fun mindless martial arts film. But the story is so familiar that it beoomes boring.	Flash Point features some nice mindless martial-arts action, but too much of the already thin story treads familiar ground.
Though the film is a bit of a tour de force and certainly original, it is never quite funny enough to sustain even its short length.	Unapologetically bizarre...	Audicious and wonderfully offbeat ... it's a fun one to talk about -- if only for the opportunity to shake your head in amused disbelief at what you just saw.	The amplified sound effects and the remarkable mobility displayed by Bob without resorting to computer-enhanced special effects are the film's greatest strengths. If you have 82 minutes to kill, you may derive a...	This movie is totally fantastic.	A clever premise gets plenty of comic blood and violence, but its hampered by some questionable storytelling techniques from director Quentin Dupieux.
Eternal Sunshine is fresh, heartfelt and ultimately heartbreaking in its honest portrayal of a modern relationship.	Aptly reflects Joel's spastically sensible perspective.	At once heartfelt and hilarious, another Kaufman-esque mix of black comedy, shaggy-dog romance, retro sci-fi and metaphysics.	It's the kind of film that could mean more to people after they've left the theater and thought about it awhile.	It's a strange trip, to be sure, sort of like what Fantastic Voyage might have been if some acid-gobbling metaphysicians had been at the helm.	Propelled by Charlie Kaufman's smart, imaginative script and Michel Gondry's equally daring directorial touch, Eternal Sunshine is a twisty yet heartfelt look at relationships and heartache.
For those who value the life of the mind and the responsibility of the public intellectual, it's an engrossing--indeed important--film.	Arendt, through the film's glamorizing lens, becomes a character impossible not to identify or agree with.	It's involving, as biopics go, but the shattering debates that still swirl around Arendt's view of the Holocaust are relegated to walk-ons.	Hannah Arendt succeeds at articulating the complex ideas that defined the subject's life, which makes the movie a lingering intellectual exercise as well as an eye-opening examination of 20th century thought.	Riveting biopic about the first target of the Israel lobby.	Led by a powerful performance from Barbara Sukowa, Hannah Arendt does a commendable job of dramatizing the life of a complex public figure.
...thanks to Hollywood, Dracula really is eternal. With those kind of odds, I suppose eventually we'll get a vampire flick worth watching. But this ain't it.	Anyone not high and surrounded by thirty of their closest friends would be well advised to leave this Dracula entombed.	A thudding, suspense-free montage of unshocking shock effects and more severed heads than toppled during the French Revolution.	Strip away the Dracula plot, and this is essentially just a stupid slasher movie.	Not only is D2K wretchedly written ... and laughably acted, but its pacing is lugubrious.	This retelling trys to offer a different spin on the origin of Dracula. Unfortunately, there's nothing here audiences haven't seen before.
An enjoyable if sentimental chic flick that sanitizes Flagg's novel in two major respects, glossing over the lesbian relationship between Mary Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson and underplaying the blatant racism in the trail of a black man.	[A] clunky, fraudulent, yet apparently crowd-pleasing laugh-and-tear-jerker.	Fried Green Tomatoes is a thoroughly enjoyable movie-going experience, replete with laughter, tears, triumph, and tragedy.	Fried Green Tomatoes is gosh-darned lovable, even if it does get downright sugary at times.	Mary Stuart Masterson, as Idgie, keeps us guessing. One of Hollywood's best young actresses, she fairly sets off sparks as the tomboy next door, a distaff Huck Finn.	Fried Green Tomatoes' tearjerking drama is undeniably manipulative, but in the hands of a skilled cast that includes Jessica Tandy and Kathy Bates, it's also powerfully effective.
Think of it as the fictionalized version of last year's engaging documentary Mad Hot Ballroom, with teen dancers and sexier moves. It is also more formulaic and clichéd, thanks to the predictable plot and theme.	A feel-good story using music and dance to guide problem kids onto the straight and narrow.....entertaining, although not the showstopper we might hope for	A scattering of dance sequences that fuse hip-hop and classical beats provide a few shots of energy, but Take The Lead otherwise plods through the motions.	The performances deserve applause. The script is another story.	As it twirls and dips, Take the Lead leaves no cliché unturned.	Banderas is charismatic in the lead, and the dance sequences are captivating, but the story is too familiar and predictable.
The event of the summer for movie audiences hoping to escape the overly familiar.	Don't miss this one. A brave and inspired antidote to time-wasting mainstream movies, it is unlike anything you've seen before or will likely ever see again. In short, it is unforgettable.	It's the Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close of Hurricane Katrina.	A visually sumptuous, thematically astute, heartwarming triumph.	A wondrously weird slice of Cajun magic realism... Beasts of the Southern Wild explodes with energy and colour. The Cajun rock score soars. And the film's young lead is astonishing.	Beasts of the Southern Wild is a fantastical, emotionally powerful journey and a strong case of filmmaking that values imagination over money.
The soccer drama Goal! The Dream Begins is so formulaic and rambling that you can't help but get a little tired of it less than an hour in.	Sometimes the first movie in a trilogy isn't that good, but it fails just nobly enough to still make you curious enough to maybe see the sequels.	It's hard to make Bend It Like Beckham look like high drama, but this movie almost manages.	In the end, I can't think of a movie that matters less than Just My Luck. It's just negligible.	The pro-soccer circuit is convincingly portrayed, and at its best moments the dialogue is as bright as Newcastle's skies aren't.	Impressive sports action sequences are the highlight, as the run-of the-mill story invokes every known sports movie cliche.
Much of the movie is devoted to the boys dueling card-to-card. And so most the dialogue, forgive me fans, sounds something like this: "I'm going to thwart your Egyptian God cards with my Rare Metal Dragon card!"	Toward the movie's climax, the characters start spewing clichéd drivel about the power of friendship, lines that will make all but the youngest viewers shudder.	If your pulse quickens when you hear lines like, 'Not so fast! I still have two cards face down, and they'll bring down your life points to a measly 1000!', then Yu-Gi-Oh is the movie you've been waiting for all summer.	Yu-Gi ouch! Rare is the movie experience as painful as it is here	A 90-minute advert in search of a storyline.	Don't watch the TV show or play the card game? Then this movie is not for you.
What seem like needlessly digressive plot strands in the first hour are eventually knitted into a moving melodrama.	Volver admittedly remains a rather slight work, neither as flashy nor as wildly unpredictable as his past few films, preferring instead a quieter elegance and more intimate tone than Almodóvar's more elastic marvels of screenwriting architecture.	Doesn't have the emotional impact of Almodovar's best films, nor the whacked-out lunacy of his most outrageous ... but it's a satisfying and enjoyable film nonetheless.	[A] vibrant film that's pure class, pure imagination and pure Almodovar.	Crammed with outrageous turns of fortune and quicksilver shifts in tone, Almodovar's film is held together by performances so subtle and complex it's hard to single out only one as exceptional.	Volver catches director Pedro Almodovar and star Penelope Cruz at the peak of their respective powers, in service of a layered, thought-provoking film. This magical tragicomic melodrama may be Almodovar's most restrained work to date, but it still features his trademarks: a strong attention to color and detail, a celebration of the trials and tribulations of women, and, of course, the inestimable Carmen Maura. The lovely Penelope Cruz hasn't shone more brightly as she does here.
With a sure visual sense despite a clearly limited budget, and most importantly a rock-solid understanding of storytelling, Birbiglia crafts a romantic comedy that's utterly unique, but also satisfying in a primal, familiar way.	It's like nothing I've ever seen, sort of Funny People crossed with Annie Hall by way of Lost Highway.	"Sleepwalk With Me" traps Birbiglia inside his own head. He desperately needs a movie or cable series that wakes him up and sets his material loose on the outside world.	This is a great radio bit. Problem is that somebody decided this was a movie, and it is certainly not.	A pretty flimsy piece, but a likable cast and a laid-back attitude make it moderately agreeable.	Laugh-out-loud funny and endearingly messy, Sleepwalk with Me overcomes its tonal inconsistencies to deliver a sweetly melancholic, amiably reassuring indie crowd-pleaser.
A truly fascinating case study of just how an underground sport ascended on the world.	The rebellion, the rock music, and the frenetic introduction to skating culture all combine to make [this] one of the most entertaining and fun movies of the year.	Even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy Dogtown and Z-Boys.	The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and, uh, shred, dude.	At times, however, Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow, or care about.	Dogtown and Z-Boys is a colorful, exhilarating look at the skateboarding subculture.
Without hauling in a lot of deep meanings, it remembers with great warmth a time and a place.	You will likely leave the theater feeling happy for no particular reason.	Whereas Dances With Wolves was an epic cultural tract, That Thing You Do! is a piece of entertaining bubblegum which, like its director, making his feature directorial debut, is high on charm and style.	In his first effort at directing a feature film, Hanks chooses his material wisely and writes it with witty, beguiling charm.	The strange thing is that even though Hanks bungles the big moments, he does so many things right with the small moments that it is easy to walk away with a smile.	A light, sweet, and thoroughly entertaining debut for director Tom Hanks, That Thing You Do! makes up in charm what it lacks in complexity.
Williams has lost almost every last ounce of charm on screen.	The film is cute, saccarhine, overlong, at times overbearing...but not completely unpleasant.	Tries to win our hearts without doing much for our brains or our funny bones, and it just doesn't work.	[Robin William's] most grandiose holiday greeting yet.	Bicentennial Man misses the big picture.	Bicentennial Man is ruined by a bad script and ends up being dull and mawkish.
It is a mesmerising performance from Tom Hardy. But as a study of this man, it didn't interest me at all. I thought it was rather facile.	Hardy's portrayal is more than a real-life impersonation of Bronson; it realizes the Stunt Movie opportunity to present an actor's thoroughly romantic admiration of force.	I...found this repulsive; and the endless brutality of Bronson's so-called art became numbing and tedious.	It's content to be a kind of freak-show character study of a man who embraces anarchy, not for its own sake but for the fame and adrenaline that it brings him.	Director and co-writer Nicolas Winding Refn strives mightily to match his star crescendo for crescendo, which can be exhausting. But the film is nimble and spare enough to absorb most of the director's outré inspirations.	Undeniably gripping, Bronson forces the viewer to make some hard decisions about where the line between art and exploitation lies.
Works more often than it doesn't.	It's yucky.	The movie equivalent of a mustache scrawled on the Mona Lisa.	Seeing this movie is like being seasick on your cruise to the Bahamas - you're going to see some cool things, but it's an adventure without a lot of laughs.	Properly silly and slapsticky.	Hit-and-miss family fare that bares only the slightest resemblance to Verne's novel.
Like most westerns, the action is slow and the dialogue slower, but that only helps to ratchet up the drama.	A simple, stoic, well-structured contemporary Western that brings a humanist point of view to bigger issues.	Jones handles his fellow actors well, drawing a hard, anguished performance from Pepper and allowing January Jones (no relation) to bring a touching vulnerability to Mike's bored, vapid, baby-doll wife.	It's a scorching journey alongside stubborn fools like us as they stumble awkwardly toward grace, or run headlong in the other direction until the wages of sin catch up with them.	Burials barely has one plot: Grizzled Texas cowhand Pete Perkins (Tommy Lee Jones) wants to give his pal proper internment in Mexico and make his killer pay.	Tommy Lee Jones' directorial debut is both a potent western and a powerful morality tale.
What's truly marvelous about the stop-motion fantasia ParaNorman is the way it acknowledges adolescence as a daily horror show.	... contains an appealing hero for kids and provides a nostalgic kick for adults.	A colorfully macabre stop-motion animation comedy that embraces the sociopolitical allegories of George A. Romero's zombie pictures and reworks them into a feature-length episode of "Scooby-Doo."	Dismal, yet profound and pungent... [M]ake[s] its points in ways more sharp and brutal than other 'children's' films...	A clear and solidly entertaining effort from start to finish. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	Beautifully animated and solidly scripted, ParaNorman will entertain (and frighten) older children while providing surprisingly thoughtful fare for their parents.
Here was a filmmaker who specialized in pure, blistering images, and this operatic earthiness just doesn't play as well as the horrifying, salacious stuff.	I'm as big a fan of misogyny as the next guy, but how did this hateful and often tasteless Godfather ripoff become a classic?	As one would expect from Leone, the film is a brilliant stylistic accomplishment.	The film seems to be too ambiguous for its own good. But somehow it holds together, and becomes a masterpiece, and a wonderful little exit piece for the genius Mr. Leone.	Great scene follows great scene with inventive direction for almost four hours.	Sergio Leone's epic crime drama is visually stunning, stylistically bold, and emotionally haunting, and filled with great performances from the likes of Robert De Niro and James Woods.
Let's not even get into the awful script or the numbingly awful performances.	Where else have you seen a death scene that involved a leaking aquarium, a crane, pigeons, a mobile, a sheet of glass and nitrous oxide?	The sequel repeats exactly the far-fetched plot of the original, complete with elaborate chain-reaction deaths visited on the hapless characters and equally elaborate mumbo-jumbo about the fabric of Death's continuum to try to keep the suspense up.	Surprisingly good of its kind... if you like gross-out gore, that is.	The killings aren't exactly slapstick, but they're surprisingly close, and some of them turn out to be fiendishly funny.	This sequel is little more than an excuse to stage elaborate, gory scenes of characters getting killed off.
The effects are even better than in the first film, and the actors certainly enjoy themselves in a baffling array of roles.	Sure, [Back to the Future II] has a clunky first act - which takes place in a hilariously overblown futuristic society - but the film knows just how, and when, to entertain us, and it does so in spades.	More frantic, noisy, and overproduced than funny	An ambitious film that fails to recreate the warmth or excitment of the first Back To The Future.	It's impressive entertainment, and best of all, it never degenerates into Spielbergian sentimentality: you can laugh, be thrilled and think without feeling embarrassed.	Back to the Future II is far more uneven than its predecessor, but its madcap highs outweigh the occasionally cluttered machinations of an overstuffed plot.
A fierce, frightening and deeply moving study of childhood.	A small movie but, like the thematically similar To Kill a Mockingbird, it leaves with you a sense of children's vulnerability and their incredible resilience.	Powerfully and palpably capturing the isolation, confusion and unnameable fears of childhood.	Both atmospheric thriller and heartbreaking coming-of-age tale.	A beautiful, exciting and challenging film about survival and a child's cold realization that adults don't always have the right answers.	A well-acted and thrilling coming-of-age tale that captures a child awakening to the frightening world of adults.
Mr. Deeds Goes to Town updated for the Big Daddy crowd.	This heavy-handed, dimwitted, dumbed-down version can't decide whether it's a parody, a slapstick comedy or sappy romance. Rent "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town."	I may be too old for Adam Sandler movies, but it seems to me that he's getting too old for them, too.	Makes the Capra film, labeled cornball by some even in 1936, seem like Shakespeare.	Mr. Deeds is, as comedy goes, very silly -- and in the best way.	This update of Capra doesn't hold a candle to the original, and even on its own merits, Mr. Deeds is still indifferently acted and stale.
Because [director] Longley uses a technique that forgoes interviews and voiceover commentary in favour of observation and revealing juxtapositions, his movie puts you both in the chaos and just above it.	The film is unusual among Iraq documentaries for its impressionistic, frequently gorgeous cinematography and for its structure: It's split into thirds, one about a Sunni (the boy), one about a Shiite mob, and one about the quiet Kurds up north.	People talk about the country being split into pieces, but there's not much shown to articulate how, when or why that is the case.	A visually startling, patiently observed and deeply humanist film.	The film is terrific at providing a kaleidoscopic sense of life unfolding, with imaginative editing and colors that seem to leap off the screen.	A stylistically bold, humanist take on the difficulties of post-invasion Iraq.
Paprika probably won't win many converts to anime, but the faithful should be satisfied.	Offers both eye candy and mind candy -- it's a thoughtful visual treat.	[A] dizzying, ambitious excursion into the subconscious.	Plays like the end and the beginning of Japanese cinema: it contradicts itself and contains multitudes.	...the experience is as beautifully baffling as any that you'll have wide awake.	Following its own brand of logic, Paprika is an eye-opening mind trip that is difficult to follow but never fails to dazzle.
So now you can say, indeed, you have heard about the Morgans, smile politely, and move on to the next movie playing at the multiplex.	Intimates crime as the ultimate aphrodisiac, when it comes to rekindling doomed conjugal bliss. Move over, Viagra and sex toys.	Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies, and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time.	You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.	You've already heard every joke it has to tell.	It gets a certain amount of mileage out of the inherent likability of its stars, but with an unfunny script and a lack of onscreen chemistry, Did You Hear About the Morgans? falls flat.
The film would be nothing but a hollow exercise if its hollowness weren't so hauntingly precise.	Hell is other people - especially the ones who know you best - in Alex Ross Perry's acidly funny and unnerving portrait of a psychological breakdown.	Perry may never make a movie for the masses, whoever they are. But his truest work burrows into weird, blackly comic places few other filmmakers would dare explore.	Queen is as much about the bitterness of women as it is about the cruelty of men.	The filmmaker creates a bitter, chilling mood, the score's strings less musical instruments than choking devices.	Led by a searing performance from Elisabeth Moss, Queen of Earth is a demanding -- and ultimately rewarding -- addition to writer-director Alex Ross Perry's impressive filmography.
If ever there was a movie whose message we didn't need, it's Jesse Dylan's How High, which glorifies drug usage.	Sample what you want. Doze through the rest.	If (it had) hung on to the consistency of comedy ..."How High" might have been funny enough that its pointlessness and incongruous storytelling wouldn't have mattered.	Totally witless.	Silly, sloppy, and liberated from any sense of pacing or plot	How High is a sloppily constructed stoner movie filled with lame, vulgar jokes.
Repulsive 80s flashback.	The movie has more dead scenes than a Monday night in Magnitogorsk.	Sublimely awful, director Gregor Jordan's adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis' dystopic vision of '80s era Los Angeles bounces between a slew of unlikable reckless characters.	A grim, open-ended study in smooth surfaces, skin and 25-year-old pop-culture references.	A chilling, brutal film that is a lot more than the sum of its one dimensional parts would suggest.	As miserable and insipid as its protagonists, The Informers fails to provide anything to think about after the sheen of fake blond is gone.
Even the weak moments are saved by Poitier, who invests his role with a subtle warmth.	Sentimental reflections on an inspirational teacher are often the makings of weak dishwater films, but in James Clavell's To Sir, with Love, a strong cast and an unforgettable title song make this an undeniable classic.	Good performances elevate the material.	Sidney Poitier is a beleaguered English teacher in this multi-cultural Mr. Chips	Sidney Poitier stars in an excellent performance.	While it's a bit dated and overly schmaltzy, To Sir, With Love remains compelling because of Sidney Poitier's outstanding performance -- and the catchy theme song is a classic.
Politically incorrect, gleefully tasteless and extremely entertaining.	Surprisingly dull, a tired rehash of those cheesy spring-break movies from the 1980s.	It's a document of the decline of Western civilization, and no, it's not because everyone in it drinks, has sex, and parties but because when asked if someone could film it, they said yes.	A few of the people we meet appear to be so brain-dead, you wonder how they manage to breathe without assistance -- and this is before they hit the bar!	Strip away the glittery facade and turn down the music, and what's left is very little substance.	The footage is predictable and rather tame, and most of the people are uninteresting.
It's no picnic.	Yes, there's lots of eye candy to go around, but you have to endure suave, non-descript dorks hitting on them, which includes the viciously awful dialogue.	Fabulously bad, thuddingly sexy and brilliantly stupid.	The picture is only pretend-sexy.	Coyote Ugly is a howler.	Well, the women in this film are incredibly attractive and flaunt that fact quite a lot. Unfortunatly, that's all there is to the film. The script is almost as big a joke as the charactors, and everything else follows the same path. If you're looking for a tease then see this flick, otherwise stay as far away as possible.
Walk Hard isn't merciless (except for maybe one wicked sequence with the Beatles), and that's because it so loves what it's sending up: the pleasure, ego, and sheer exhaustion of what happens behind the music.	It's a one-man show telling one-joke, but it's a damn talented man and it's a pretty funny joke.	When they run out of clever ways to be funny, they fall back on their old standbys: crude, rude, nude, and lewd, which just shows that they didn't have enough material.	Instead of sending everything over the top at high energy, like Top Secret or Airplane!, they allow Reilly to more or less actually play the character, so that, against all expectations, some scenes actually approach real sentiment.	It may be utter nonsense from start to finish but at a time when your moviegoing choices are limited to deeply serious Oscar bait and silly family froth, its appearance comes as a raunchy relief.	A parody that pokes fun at rock stars and reductive biopics alike, this comedy sings in large part because of stellar performances and clever original music.
Superb cast, excellent performances, well-written script and great direction!	Carl Franklin's understated direction keeps the tears and life-affirming revelations from congealing into chicken shmaltz for the soul.	Unfortunately, director Carl Franklin paces the film with a dirge-like rhythm. And its lengthiness is hardly mitigated by William Hurt's lackluster performance.	The film is helped, by wonderful performances by two of the top talents in the business in Streep and Hurt, and Zellweger stays right with them.	One True Thing demonstrates that the power of simple things, the transcendent nature of the ordinary, can make for riveting filmmaking.	Solid performances lift this drama to a higher level.
The Dukes of Hazzard is a cheap, greasy time at the multiplex.	The Dukes Of Hazzard is a movie that makes you feel unclean as a result of having seen it.	Satire by satirists who just don't get it -- approaching the silly outlaw charm (which satirized itself in the TV show) with the subtlety of an F5 tornado in a trailer park.	A weird, moonshine-and- marijuana-fueled yee-haw fest based on the '80s TV show.	Forget the drill core, the Dukes should have had Willie Nelson's blood analyzed, because every time that guy has a blood test science adds a new element to the periodic table.	A dumb, goofy, and vacuous adaptation of a TV show where plot is simply an excuse to string together the car chases.
Predictable and PC, but fun.	Essentially a by-the-numbers Hollywood romance in the dopiest melodramatic tradition.	Charming but flawed leftist romantic comedy.	While there are a lot of funny lines in the film, well-delivered by an all-star cast, the film's politics are funniest of all.	'Capraesque' has inevitably been affixed to The American President, but that phrase, with its implications of facile hokum, doesn't do the film justice.	A charming romantic comedy with political bite, Rob Reiner's American President features strong lead performances and some poignant observations of politics and media in the 1990s.
Alone in the Dark offers ample evidence that House of the Dead helmer Uwe Boll should put down his joystick -- quickly, before anyone else gets hurt.	Believe it or not, it is possible to inspire decent cinema from the roots of Nintendo or Playstation. But you can't do it with Pong-caliber talent.	Alone in the Dark pourrait figurer dans un dictionnaire en exemple frappant de ce que signifie insipide.	Too stupid to watch, too loud to nap through, Alone in the Dark shows just how tenuous Plan Nine From Outer Space's hold on that 'worst movie ever' title really is.	Remember to get your bets in early as the Razzie winner for 2005.	Inept on almost every level, Alone in the Dark may not work as a thriller, but it's good for some head-slapping, incredulous laughter.
Shining a light on eight of the brightest stars in American high school basketball, Gunnin' for That #1 Spot is a refreshing and thrilling reminder of why we watch and why they play.	Adam Yauch, Beastie Boy turned documentarian, turns in a crisp, insightful, but emotionally distant look at the best high school basketball players of 2006 with Gunnin' for That #1 Spot.	Although it isn't a particularly deep look at the world of pressures and performance anxieties faced by high-school phenoms, Gunnin' is a welcome treat to anyone who follows the game closely.	As sports movies go, Gunnin' never feels the slightest bit hokey, and serves up SportsCenter-worthy clips in high style, along with the unmistakable feel of real life.	Would be more at home on ESPN than the big screen. But B-Ball fans should enjoy it in either venue.	Beastie Boy Adam Yauch proves his worth as a director with Gunnin' for That #1 Spot, a fun-filled chronicle of the top high school hoopsters of 2006.
The Millennium Trilogy follows a similar pattern as The Matrix Trilogy, and that's not a compliment.	It's only our investment in these fascinating characters and in wholly unraveling the mystery of Lisbeth Salander's awful past that keep it compelling.	... not saying that this is bad film, it is just not nearly as intense and intriguing as you'd expect after watching the original.	The series is quite satisfying as a whole, in the manner of the type of well-made, limited-episode crime program that might appear on AMC or HBO.	The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is too akin to the tidying up of a television-series finale - albeit a very classy franchise with fine characters and able performances.	Slow and mostly devoid of the stellar chemistry between its two leads, The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest is a disappointingly uneven conclusion to the Millennium trilogy.
William Blake may have once stated "The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom" but I'm guessing that if he ever had the opportunity to see the "Crank" films, he might have had second thoughts about that.	This fest of violence, breasts, sex, swearing and dodgy plot turns can only be enjoyed if you don't take it seriously.	Like its predecessor, Crank: High Voltage is speedball cinema, a pure narcotized rush of blistering action, odious stereotypes, and shock-for-shock's-sake nastiness.	The only shocking thing about it is how dull and predictable the whole enterprise is.	Yet another D.O.A. for the ADD era.	Crank: High Voltage delivers on its promises: a fast-paced, exciting thrill ride that doesn't take itself too seriously.
The fact that Ryan Coogler's film about Oscar is being released just as the nation is gripped by the Zimmerman trial makes this already stunning picture all the more pungent.	There's a sincere clarity that Michael B. Jordan achieves from beginning to end. Raw and proficient in delivery, his performance places him near the top of the most exciting actors to watch.	Some of this narrative feels cliched, but Coogler and his actors make it work by leaning toward understatement.	Fruitvale Station is centered around a tragic event with a powerful message, but just lacks the momentum to actually be impressive.	A runaway powerhouse film packed with emotionally-gripping performances, outstanding direction and a script that challenges viewers like few other films have this year.	Passionate and powerfully acted, Fruitvale Station serves as a celebration of life, a condemnation of death, and a triumph for star Michael B. Jordan.
Starts well, but trips over preposterous plot developments as it pushes toward its climax.	...may be seen as this year's "Hotel Rwanda," but...its viewpoint from inside the palace walls makes it more intimate, and therefore oddly, less devastating, drama.	A dominant Whitaker lords over this flawed mixture of history and intrigue.	Amin's story is so thick with drama, terror and bloodshed, why create a fictional character to serve as a vantage point?	film postaje daleko mra%u010Dniji nego %u0161to su to njegovi autori imali u plan	Forest Whitaker's performance as real-life megalomaniac dictator Idi Amin powers this fictionalized political thriller, a blunt and brutal tale about power and corruption.
Better Luck Tomorrow is an inventively delivered cautionary tale about some smart and upwardly mobile Asian high school students who, bored with their lives, embark on a course of violence and self-destructiveness.	Reviewers seem surprised that a young Asian-American filmmaker has been reading Bret Easton Ellis and watching Quentin Tarantino, when in reality the opposite would be startling...	A film that merges cocaine, Ivy League, college applications, the Asian American experience, dark comedy and high school drama while maintaining a personal tone and likable lead characters is just too impressive to knock.	a fairly provocative look at teenage life, featuring the kinds of multidimensional characters that aren't typically included in movies aimed at the high school crowd.	What helps Lin's feature-directing debut is his insight into the dark side of living up to 'model minority' stereotypes in a materialistic culture.	A promising work by Lin, the energetic Better Luck Tomorrow is disturbing and thought-provoking.
Not only are there not enough good, smart roles for women, the movies that do contain those roles are too often one-dimensional.	It's heart-breaking to watch, made all the more poignant by Julianne Moore's largely subdued, deeply moving performance.	Yes, Julianne Moore will win the Oscar. And yes, this in one depressing film.	This thoughtful movie ... raises an issue any of us might face.	Julianne Moore guides us through the tragic arc of how it must feel to disappear before one's own eyes, accomplishing one of her most powerful performances by underplaying the scenario ...	Elevated by a gripping performance from Julianne Moore, Still Alice is a heartfelt drama that honors its delicate themes with bravery and sensitivity.
The film is uproarious, not for what its many talking heads say but for its astonishing procession of brilliant, boundary-breaching illustrations and captions ...	Funny like its subject but not nearly as daring.	Douglas Tirola's doc about the satirical bible's rise and fall is fascinating, funny, smart, juvenile, tragic, and likely to offend just about everyone. It's a must-see for anyone who cares about comedy.	Douglas Tirola's loving doc captures the anarchic '70s college satire magazine that became a comic force.	A must-see documentary for comedy fans! More than a simple recounting of Lampoon history, Drunk Stoned gives a strong sense of the players involved.	Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead might not be the definitive doc National Lampoon fans are waiting for, but it's still almost as transgressively funny as the magazine in its heyday.
Oddly structured like a whisky tasting, this film cycles through moods from the first taste to the full flavour to the final kick.	Some good laughs and a passable air of bonhomie do nothing to cover up the fact that The Angels' Share is totally lightweight and distractingly underdone.	Watching it is like receiving a hard slap in the face from someone who expects you to laugh it off, even though the sting lingers.	Loach films have been funny while making their point before (see "Riff Raff"), but this one is imbued with a little bit of magic...Those offended by four letter words should be warned that even the voice of God slings a heavy dose of them here.	The redemptive path is paved with laughter and charm, mixes mirth with tears beautifully	The Angels' Share is a surprisingly delightful, uplifting comedy that successfully blends a charming story of redemption with bits of dark humor and a social message.
Observing the ominous nature of violence and its crushing aftermath, Ajami is a striking raw nerve of a feature film, holding to a steady path of dread, but keeping the story on its toes by jolting back and forth through locations and time.	The pattern of connections and coincidences is a little overschematic, but the movie has energy, especially in the grippingly real shooting scene at the beginning.	...deft filmmaking and storytelling by the tyro directing team. I cannot wait to see their follow up works.	While Quentin Tarantino used the narrative device to give his film a caffeinated jolt of hipster cool, co-directors Scandar Copti and Yaron Shani use it brilliantly to show the chaotic web of violence that traps Jews, Christians and Muslims alike.	A confident contemporary crime thriller that, yes, may rely on perhaps a few too many plot coincidences to hang together, but otherwise offers a bracing insight into a troubled situation without hectoring us with insipid platitudes.	This multi-character drama balances intimate portrayals and broad political implications to paint a bracing and moving portrait of the Middle East conflict.
My suggestion is to see the original first and then skip this one altogether...	Quarantine is a lucrative steal by Dowdle. The Spanish original is arguably the best vérité fright movie since The Blair Witch Project. The American version is not quite in the same league.	A rote reproduction of a more effective film.	As the first-person POV conceit goes, it's not the nocturnal nightmare of "Cloverfield," but it's more compelling than the dog-eared "Diary of the Dead." It's stylish, and the sound design is superb, but it eventually gets too dumb to be very scary.	Quarantine director John Erick Dowdle and co-writing brother Drew wisely stick close to the told-from-the-cameraman's point-of-view template of the terrific original.	Quarantine uses effective atmosphere and consistent scares to stand above the crop of recent horror films.
Lawrence's mature and inspiring determination makes this much, much more than a grim skid-row whodunnit.	It's the kind of movie that pulls you into its setting and doesn't let go.	Granik pays deference to the curious ways of the mountain folk, rejecting the prevailing hillbilly clichés to depict people with hardy survival instincts in the grip of financial hardship and addiction.	The film explores the crushing poverty of America's rural regions, a Grapes of Wrath-style story with a country noir twist [that] feels authentic and original immediately.	Granik balances the pace and intrigue of a mystery thriller with total compassion for Ree, played with much skill by Lawrence.	Bleak, haunting, and yet still somehow hopeful, Winter's Bone is writer-director Debra Granik's best work yet -- and it boasts an incredible, starmaking performance from Jennifer Lawrence.
"Flame and Citron" is a spine-tingling war drama with superb acting.	A hard jewel of righteous political fury.	Despite the panache, Flame & Citron maintains a generally dour sensibility.	A polished, dazzlingly photographed tale of Resistance heroes that is curiously devoid of tension.	A suspenseful, often riverting drama of World War II resistance that combines old-fashioned virtues of craft and style with a more modern sense of nuance and complexity.	The true story of the Danish resistance in WW2, though lengthy and sprawling, is gripping and competently made.
Zombie doesn't appear to have any other goals besides assaulting the viewer with gore and callousness.	It has to be the sickest, the most twisted, the most deranged movie so far this year. And I'm giving it thumbs up because it's very good at what it wants to be.	Having had the misfortune of sitting through [House of 1000 Corpses], I can say that the second film is quite an improvement, though no kind of masterpiece.	"The Devil's Rejects" will repel many but will thrill the fans and the daring. I think Rob Zombie has an instant horror classic on his hands.	The look and feel of this film is a total nightmare, and some of the most effective American mood-making in years.	Zombie has improved as a filmmaker since "House of 1000 Corpses" and will please fans of the genre, but beware -- the horror is nasty, relentless, and sadistic.
You get something far richer, if more unsettling, here than conventional crime drama's romanticism and easy analogies.	Takes us into a world that the movies frequently open to us, but somehow this trip seems more real and less glamorized than most.	A blue collar gangster movie that succeeds on all attempted levels, particularly acting.	A classy piece of work that may disappoint those looking for something more conventional.	The movie has many human qualities and contains what will be remembered as one of Pacino's finest scenes.	A stark, nuanced portrait of life in organized crime, bolstered by strong performances from Al Pacino and Johnny Depp.
Fatal Attraction has an inescapable pull to it; it's suffocatingly exciting.	Overpraised: yes, but still worthy of a decent amount of it.	Big, fat, juicy suspense.	Unforgettable, Chilling, Thrilling and Damn sexy!	[The film brings] horror home to a place where the grownup moviegoer actually lives.	A potboiler in the finest sense, Fatal Attraction is a sultry, juicy thriller that's hard to look away from once it gets going.
This followup to last year's successful teens-in-jeopardy opus piles on the chills, thrills and body count.	The original film, itself no masterpiece, at least had a strong premise, from Lois Duncan's novel, and complicated its characterisations by an unusual class awareness.	The movie's R rating mentions 'intense terror violence and gore,' but only its publicity team could consider it intense or terrifying. Gore it has.	The prospect of a third installment of this derivative series is much scarier than anything that happens in the movie.	How are we to be frightened or afraid of these things when they have repeated themselves over and over again for the past two decades?	Boring, predictable, and bereft of thrills or chills, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer is exactly the kind of rehash that gives horror sequels a bad name.
Anyone who's followed Woo's career knows he's better than this material.	Those hoping for a solid flick using the full talents of people like Woo, Cruise, Rhames, etc. will sadly be disappointed.	While there isn't anything in M:I-2 as memorable as the first film's scene with Cruise dangling over a computer terminal, it's a more visceral experience overall.	Action fans will get a kick out of it. Mark this one as strictly for the testosterone set.	Old-fashioned entertainment liberally coated with flair, style and an explosion of action.	Your cranium may crave more substance, but your eyes will feast on the amazing action sequences.
Mr. Abramoff may be in prison, but there are no signs that his kind of high-powered lobbying, which one talking head describes as "legalized bribery," is a thing of the past.	Casino Jack is designed as an indictment of a whole culture of influence peddling, a Beltway way of life where a pat on the back often comes with a kickback.	Gibney has enough material for a dozen movies here, but his attempt at an overview, however unwieldy, paints one hell of a nauseating picture.	I don't know which is worse, how much money was taken from the unsuspecting clients or how little it took to get crucial support from key members of Congress.	If the inner workings of Washington, D.C. interest you, especially in terms of how politicians and lobbyists work the system to make money, Gibney's latest can be accepted as a fine addition to his filmography.	Casino Jack's subject matter is enraging, but in the hands pf director Alex Gibney, it's also well-presented and briskly entertaining.
What's a muscular guy like John Cena doing in a flabby movie like this?	While The Marine's real-world connections to the War in Iraq are brief and incidental to its minimal plot, that fact doesn't make its reductive attitudes any more pleasant to swallow.	A big, hilarious, stupid meathead of a movie, destined to be a huge hit on The Violence Channel.	A movie so dumb it may actually cause brain damage.	Low-budget, logic-free action shlock...explosion-laced, fisticuff-heavy, utterly brainless stuff.	Overblown in every possible way, The Marine is either so bad it's good or just really, really bad.
The two gifted young women [Bouchez and Regnier] are the best thing about this quirky drama of friendship and survival.	Frank, intimate, touching, with an emotional immediacy that is killing.	Not overly bad, just not a lot going on in this sleepy melodrama.	Sad and thought provoking, and the performances of its leads make it well worth watching.	We aren't just watching Isa and Marie endure the tiny triumphs and hardships of their lives; we're experiencing those ups and downs alongside them.	Showcasing excellent lead performances, The Dreamlife of Angels is an intelligent, absorbing character study of two women.
Quite simply one of the best sports movies ever.	Despite a lovely cameo turn by Burt Lancaster, Field of Dreams is the male weepie at its wussiest.	Together with moments of dry humour and fine performances, the political element lends the film gravity sufficient to counterbalance any sense of whimsy. Pure magic.	A manipulative but still moving look at the power of myths.	The movie may steal a base here and there, but there are no homers.	Field of Dreams is sentimental, but in the best way; it's a mix of fairy tale, baseball, and family togetherness.
It is an American independent in the true sense of the word, and it may well be the best homegrown movie we'll see this year.	Vast and mysterious, the American West of Kelly Reichardt and Jonathan Raymond's "Meek's Cutoff" is not quite like any other landscape.	Reichardt's boldness in eschewing a sprawling retelling of how the West was won should be applauded, but she hasn't yet earned the right to take this long saying so little.	A cinematic immersion of both modest and cosmic proportions, beautifully enacted by a cast that makes you fully believe that they are these beleaguered characters, and make you glad that you aren't.	Reichardt puts such an unequivocal spin on this well-trod territory as to make it feel heretofore uncharted and of her own reckoning.	Moving at a contemplative speed unseen in most westerns, Meek's Cutoff is an effective, intense journey of terror and survival in the untamed frontier.
Things quickly get silly and unscary.	You have to wait for The House of the Devil to deliver on its promises -- but when it does, holy crap.	From his era-appropriate soundtrack to the visual style of his opening credits and his slyly reverential camerawork, West gives his movie the look and feel of a 25-year-old relic, yet nothing about 'Devil' seems stale.	Those of us who remember that strange and marvelous era when the grindhouse gave way to VHS pajama parties are apt to see a kindred spirit at work here.	A first-rate chiller.	Though its underlying themes are familiar, House of the Devil effectively sheds the loud and gory cliches of contemporary horror to deliver a tense, slowly building throwback to the fright flicks of decades past.
Run, Fat Boy, Run is the directorial debut of actor David Schwimmer, who is much better behind the camera than in front of it. Here, he's taken material best suited to sketch comedy and turned it into a feature of no small heart and humour.	Pegg is brilliant, pratfalling his way through heartbreak and indignity	It ambles along pleasantly, produces a few chuckles, and is forgotten by the time you pass the popcorn counter on the way out of the theater.	Pacing is brisk, the laughs frequent. With an ending corny and Capra-esque, 'Run, Fat Boy, Run' charms right to the finish line.	A thin premise undermined by rampant stupidity at every turn.	Run, Fat Boy, Run features sporadic laughs, but is ultimately too formulaic and predictable.
This entertaining exploration of black hair issues will get your dander up.	Good Hair is a raucous and rigorous inquiry into the subject of African-American hair -- the stigmas, the secrets, the shocking price of maintenance -- that gets at universal but rarely discussed truths about black femininity.	[Rock] conveys a lot of information, but also some unfortunate opinions and misleading facts. That doesn't mean the movie isn't warm, funny and entertaining.	Some of this, a lot of this, is preaching to the choir. But it's still pretty compelling no matter what perspective you're coming from.	"Good Hair" rocks! One of the year's best documentaries.	Funny, informative, and occasionally sad, Good Hair is a provocative look at the complex relationship between African Americans and their hair.
Total cheese.	A fun/schmaltzy action adventure Disney flick.	Will Hidalgo survive the brutal desert to demand more creative control over his next film?	An intermittently savory stew of Pecos Bill, Laurence of Arabia, and Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron.	One horse movie that's just lame. And that's straight from the horse's mouth.	The scenery looks great, but this overstuffed horse story contains too much cheese.
And what would the film be without its performances? Better.	this flick is so Giglicious ... I laughed so much I almost forgave Pitof for being in heat and spraying this cinematic violation all over DC's trademark vixen	Catwoman is destined not for a Mystery Science Theater 3000 fate but for immortality as one of the subtlest, most thorough parodies I've ever seen.	The result may appeal to Berry's fans but is Catwoman in name only.	Halle just hacked a hairball all over the summer boxoffice. And it ain't pretty.	Halle Berry is the lone bright spot, but even she can't save this laughable action thriller.
A gripping thriller, this deserves to cross over from the subtitled bracket into mainstream cinema.	Easily one of the best films of the year.	Tell No One is good enough to warrant not only a long run in art houses, but considerable attention for a director who dared to tweak a hugely popular novel and made it work.	Canet stages some breakneck chases, particularly one where Alex crosses a busy freeway, and corrals an array of fascinating characters to populate this twisty but entirely logical plot.	Blending the hard-boiled and the innocent with a sly dexterity, this is a riveting piece of filmmaking that never relies on the obvious or the cliché	An intense, well-crafted thriller, Tell No One is equal parts heart-pounding and heart-wrenching.
A snappy, inventive comedy with Chevy Chase.	far too silly	Whenever the move threatens to work, there's Chevy Chase with his monotone, deadpan cynicism, distancing himself from the material.	Michael Ritchie's 1985 mystery comedy has the pleasant, modest feel of a Fox B picture from the 30s.	A quick, smart, slick piece of comedy filmmaking that features a once-great comedian at the very top of his game.	Quotably funny -- and fast-paced enough to smooth over the jokes that don't land -- Fletch is one of the best big-screen vehicles for Chevy Chase's brand of smug silliness.
Poorly plotted, suspense-free film.	[E]xactly as cozily silly and as charmingly touching as you'd expect from a nation that gives medals of valor to birds.	It's a movie that will be good enough, but not memorable or worth seeing again (like a date with me).	No matter how hard the CGI animators try, the idea of Ricky Gervais as a bird is not as funny as the idea of Ricky Gervais as a human being.	A lame-duck movie about pigeons.	Valiant has a good collection of voice talents, but the story is strictly by-the-numbers.
Sensationally stupid, haphazardly made and qualifying as unmitigated trash by any standards, Paul Blart: Mall Cop also manages to be consistently hilarious, thanks to star Kevin James.	Like a mall, has long stretches where you see nothing of interest and a generally stale air to it. Unlike a mall, you can't just browse and then move on to a better section.	Save for its dalliance with the everyman action movie, there's no surprises in Paul Blart: Mall Cop, another largely listless comedy from Sandler's Happy Madison production company.	James, who co-wrote, endows the title character with such piercing sweetness that even his geeky pretensions are endearing.	The film is completely forgettable, frequently funny and weirdly satisfying in a Jersey Loser Gets Respect kind of way.	Paul Blart: Mall Cop has some laughs, but its plot is flimsy and lacking in any sustained comic momentum.
Funny, agreeably sweet and exceptionally well acted and directed.	It's bright and spirited and well-paced.	A witty romantic comedy with a sardonic edge.	A grocery store would sell this on its generic shelf: the brittle upper-class British cleverness is strictly standard issue.	what can we say. A classic is a classic is a classic.	While frothy to a fault, Four Weddings and a Funeral features irresistibly breezy humor, and winsome performances from Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell.
Valois has the potential to be a great character -- a woman who refuses to stay in her socially prescribed feminine role, but Swank instead highlights her passive characteristics and domestic longings.	This is a good example of what can happen when a bunch of grownup humans who really ought to know better get funny ideas about art.	As a history lesson, the movie is entertaining enough, but at times you long to get out of Versailles and join the rabble in Paris.	This sumptuously designed film...has all the ingredients of a juicy historical romp. But it's bloodless, fussy, and undermined by Hilary Swank's stiff, one-note performance.	The Affair of the Necklace is no paperback romance or swashbuckler it at first appears to be, but rather the remarkable odyssey of a young woman who lived to tell her amazing story herself.	A film about court intrigue, The Affair of the Necklace turns out to be more dull than juicy. Swank seems flat and miscast in the central role of Jeanne.
A cute, quirky but predominately superficial portrait of brainy wordsmiths.	Now you may be thinking that crossword puzzles would a pretty thin idea to hang 80 minutes of movie on...and you'd be right.	Affectionate, smartly done promo for puzzling.	Even if you don't know an em from an en, you'll be amazed by Wordplay's ability to take you into the mind of a crossword puzzle enthusiast.	Wordplay is geared towards those fanatics who can't get enough of the so-called sport.	You see them hunched over with their brows furrowed, folded newspaper in hand as they attempt to complete the crossword puzzle. This may even describe you. This ingeniously edited documentary introduces viewers to some of the more dedicated fans of this solitary pastime, none more well-known the puzzle editor for the New York Times, Will Shortz. This underground world provides a surprising amount of crowd-pleasing entertainment and suspense, especially at the annual crossword tournament. Didn't know there was one, did you?
[I]t's funny, it's thrilling -- the actual sequences of travelling through time are intense and inventive -- and it's even poignant.	Smith tries hard here, but that's part of the problem - beads of sweat are all over this thing.	Sonnenfeld imbues each scene with impish humour, from a protracted kiss that churns stomachs to a slime-slathered skirmish with a giant fish.	"Men in Black 3" is all surface but, as with the moon, the surface can steal our attention	[Brolin's] performance defies explanation; it's mysteriously marvelous.	It isn't exactly a persuasive argument for the continuation of the franchise, but Men in Black III is better than its predecessor and manages to exceed expectations.
One of the year's standout indie efforts.	I want to persuade you to see Baghead, but I don't want to overhype it, because in many ways it's a delicate construction best served as a surprise.	Once the threat arrives, I was praying to return to the childish mating rituals of these monotonous characters. Watching lousy actors try to express heartache through limited gifts is far more frightening than any masked, crazed killer.	What the Duplasses are really adept at, and what truly sets them apart from their lo-fi American indie brethren, is an almost antiquated kind of physical comedy.	You're never quite sure if you're supposed to laugh or shudder, which is saying a lot at a time when most movies drop their seventh veil before the trailer has even come to an end.	Pitting actors against murderers in a self-aware struggle for stardom, Baghead successfully skates the borders of horror and comedy.
Sometimes dense and impenetrable, but it also contains an unusually thoughtful consideration of the difference between faith and belief.	...entirely miscast...	This isn't the hell that just kinda sucks. This is the Hell that puts fear in your heart and makes you want to head to church directly after leaving the theater.	Blazes few new trails and bogs down in a confusing narrative muddle.	Maybe some of the audience should wonder if they aren't performing the Devil's work by sitting so quietly through movies that turn wonders into garbage.	Despite solid production values and an intriguing premise, Constantine lacks the focus of another spiritual shoot-em-up, The Matrix.
It's obvious none of the 'skateboarders' can really skate, so Grind ends up feeling like a mash-up of two different movies.	A lively, if at times juvenile, movie.	Oh, c'mon, Grind is mindless fun most of the time and if you pretend for a moment you're about 12-15 years old, its totally awesome!	Your standard 'kids on the road pursuing their dream' movie, interchangeable with any other. No standout bits, but very little stands out as not working at all, so you're in that safe zone of joyful mediocrity.	If you stay awake, you'll certainly feel more than a little ground down after watching perhaps 15 minutes of skateboard footage padded out with nearly 90 minutes of strenuously unfunny toilet humor.	Mediocre skateboard stunts are padded by a half-baked plot and one-dimensional characters.
Awkwardly blends family comedy and sex farce and winds up with squat.	A star-studded cast and a good concept add up to less than nothing in Playing for Keeps, an attempt at a warm, family romantic comedy that, like the main character, succumbs to its vices.	Attractive actors can't redeem a sodden script.	At least 'Playing for Keeps' does a service for the late Rodney Dangerfield. His 'Ladybugs' is no longer the worst movie about a youth soccer coach.	This is simply a groan-inducing comedy of errors about an accidental lothario mixed with a transparently predictable look at an irresponsible man forced to become [better].	Witless, unfocused, and arguably misogynistic, Playing for Keeps is a dispiriting, lowest-common-denominator Hollywood rom-com.
The initial setup is a bit of a stretch and the ending feels unfinished but most of the stuff in between - bog standard as it is - works pretty well.	It's got some individual laughs here and there but lacks sufficient story or character development to hold the whole endeavor together.	I didn't believe this movie. Which is not the same as saying I didn't like it -- although, there is that.	The movie never reaches the highs (or lows) of The Hangover, or even its most obvious crib sheet, Planes, Trains and Automobiles.	A post-9/11 reproductive countdown road movie, Due Date rummages for laughs by pairing two eccentric comic actors together for a long cross-country drive, who should probably never be in the same room together.	Shamelessly derivative and only sporadically funny, Due Date doesn't live up to the possibilities suggested by its talented director and marvelously mismatched stars.
Demme's loose approach kills the suspense.	Wahlberg comes across as a retired underwear model.	I found myself liking the film, though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage.	A movie that, rather than skip along the Seine, more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris, tongue uncomfortably in cheek.	With co-writers Steve Schmidt, Peter Joshua, and Jessica Bendinger, Demme takes a whack at a remake and mucks it up completely.	Newton has star quality, but this exercise in style can't hold a candle to the original.
Inkheart is a fantastic read, and I wasn't expecting the film to live up to it at all. Much simpler than the book, the film is still a pretty fantastic ride. The story is changed around a bit but the main characters are there, exactly as you remember them	Even though Brendan Fraser might be one of the worst actors out there, his co-stars and a clever script keep this movie alive and entertaining.	Meh.	Entertaining enough for young teens, but a little more thought could have made it appealing to adults as well.	A convoluted story but otherwise this is solid fantasy fare, nicely performed and handsomely made.	Heavy on cliches and light on charm, this kid-lit fantasy-adventure doesn't quite get off the ground.
Drop-dead brilliant Western Noir.	File under 'classic'.	One of the essentials	Generates claustrophobic suspense by focusing on three images: Kane's increasingly tense, pained expression; implacably ticking clocks; and the ominous, empty train tracks.	Arguably THE classic western.	A classic of the Western genre that broke with many of the traditions at the time, High Noon endures -- in no small part thanks to Gary Cooper's defiant, Oscar-winning performance.
It never was a great film, but it's still effective--the 2000 version is nearer greatness	Friedkin and Blatty seem to care nothing for their characters as people, only as victims-props to be abused, hurled about the room, beaten and, in one case, brutally murdered.	Friedkin's Exorcist holds up remarkably well.	Absolutely timeless horror in its purest form. Seeing this recently with a bunch of rambunctious college students, not even they were immune. Exorcism time came around--you could hear a pin drop in the cinema.	It's good stuff but, basically, The Exorcist is a museum piece, something to be enjoyed for its historical value, its datedness and its almost quaint shock value.	The Exorcist rides its supernatural theme to magical effect, with remarkable special effects and an eerie atmosphere, resulting in one of the scariest films of all time.
Those who haven't fallen under the Pokémon spell will find little here to convert them.	Parents, only you can prevent another Pokemon.	Grown-ups may have to scrub the sugar from their frontal lobes. But it's not about them, is it? Never was. Never will be.	We've seen it all before, and too many times.	This one's for kids and no one else.	This series isn't getting any better.
It might be best to discreetly misplace your invitation to these strained festivities.	The movie is being sold as a buoyant confection, I think mainly because its distributor doesn't quite know what to make of its neither-fish-nor-fowl film.	A movie of utter inconsequence -- a cinematic Listerine Strip that evaporates from the brain before you even get your popcorn tub to the trash.	Mulroney contributes virtually nothing save a convincing profile and makes the transition to lover-for-life feel about as shallow as a single-tiered wedding cake.	This is a wedding date that would have benefited from a different designer, a more knowing caterer, and -- most of all -- a whole new guest list.	Critics are leaving The Wedding Date at the alter, calling it shopworn, bland, and lightweight.
It's arresting.	What begins as a painfully bleak portrait of life in the slums on the outskirts of Dublin transforms into a lovely, if dark, love story.	Devoid of colour and up to its eyeballs in domestic turbulence, Kisses fosters a painful, monochrome melancholy.	Curry and O'Neill are adorably unadorable, and though the film ultimately leaves them as we found them, buried alive in beautiful B&W on a dead-end estate, we know their worlds have changed forever.	A blend of gritty realism sand magical fantasy that's undoubtedly calculated but still deeply satisfying.	Although admittedly sleight, this gritty but tender coming-of-age Irish drama features some impressive work both in front, and behind the camera.
You'll swear you smell gunpowder during the earthshaking gunfights of "Elite Squad." Forget John Woo's Hong Kong, or Sergio Leone's West. With bullet-slinging gusto, director Jose Padilha ("Bus 174") proudly pronounces Rio de Janeiro the bloodiest onscree	A satisfactory enough cop movie, but not one that people will still be name checking years hence	Here is the biggest, fattest, dampest squib of the week: perhaps the most disappointing film ever to have won the Golden Bear at the Berlin film festival.	Pois й infinitamente mais recompensador assistir a um filme que estimula a discussгo e a auto-anбlise do que um que, por covardia ou falta de ambiзгo, limita-se a seguir a corrente do politicamente correto.	It's just a pity the story is so slipshod - it only really gets going halfway through.	Brutal, action heavy, Brazilian cop film with a pointless voiceover. Lacks flair, overdoes the violence and is never quite sure where its morals lie.
Shows how difficult forgiveness is once the heart has hardened in hate.	Ben-Hur (1959) is MGM's three and a half hour, wide-screen epic Technicolor blockbuster - a Biblical tale, subtitled A Tale of the Christ.	Still making waves in movies today -- from The Phantom Menace's Podrace to the whole of Gladiator -- little can come close to captivating the grandeur and epic quality of William Wyler's magnificent bum numb-er.	The MGM production is a lavish, colorful spectacle that will linger long in the eye of the beholder.	A definiзгo clбssica do йpico.	Uneven, but in terms of epic scope and grand spectacle, Ben-Hur still ranks among Hollywood's finest examples of pure entertainment.
Of Gods and Men strives for simplicity; cinema is usually about dynamism, attraction, ego, but this movie concerns the renunciation of these things, in art and life. But it is also about the question of how to act when this life is violently challenged.	...a deeply moving docudrama based on a true story which uses music in provocative ways.	One of those increasingly rare things in modern cinema -- a deeply-felt, powerful film about religious faith that has no interest in peddling the gospel to the viewer.	...a movie that made me sad and proud to be human, to belong to a species capable of such cruelty and such kindness, and possessed of the power to choose to love those who hate us, and to die with peace in our hearts as the world burns down.	Some nice performances, but the sad, harsh truth is that two hours spent inside a Trappist monastery turns out to be achingly dull.	Patient and restrained, Of Gods and Men asks deep, profound questions that will linger in the audience's mind long after the movie.
I'm a fan. The guys in the audience shouted at the clever, cruel deaths: "Nice!"	There's nothing new, but in the case of the Final Destination films, new is not necessary.	At least the audience I was with laughed more than it screamed.	The notion of butchery as a spectator event notwithstanding, there's an almost admirably workmanlike quality to the way co- scenarists Glen Morgan and James Wong set up their characters for carnage like so many fleshy bowling pins.	The people in this movie are some of the stupidest people in the history of movies.	Final Destination 3 is more of the same: gory and pointless, with nowhere new to go.
[Rourke] turns out a fine, sensitive, dramatic performance	This is a film that you have got to see. You won't be disappointed.	Randy will stick in your mind as stubbornly as the chorus of 'Round and Round.'	Pro wrestling is not an easy subject to take seriously, but director Darren Aronofsky displays it well as a spellbinding muscle ballet, sweaty and bloody, but graceful and addictive all the same.	The Wrestler has the intimacy of a fly-on-the-wall documentary. No stunt men were harmed -- or used -- in the fight sequences. But the drama makes for vibrant art.	Mickey Rourke gives a performance for the ages in The Wrestler, a richly affecting, heart-wrenching yet ultimately rewarding drama.
The movie is overly ambitious but never dull, and the ensemble cast is fun to watch.	It's an incredibly smart hybrid film that captures the modern life of an American teen in Inglewood, California in a way that we've never seen before.	The cast, drawn from comedy, rap, TV, modeling and other spheres, is sharply on form throughout, as is Famuyiwa's direction; the pic's esprit is amplified by every editorial trick in the book, from split-screen to freeze-frames.	Whatever definition of "dope" you prefer, it applies to Rick Famuyiwa's movie. Dope is a drug caper involving teenagers doing stupid things for the geeks they are, the kind John Hughes might have written if he allowed black people in his movies.	Who could have imagined that a movie that so boldly challenges perceptions about race and class in America could also be so much fun?	Featuring a starmaking performance from Shameik Moore and a refreshingly original point of view from writer-director Rick Famuyiwa, Dope is smart, insightful entertainment.
The picture grows on you, as does its laconic leading lady, whose slurry delivery conceals an ever-alert mouse handily equipped to beat the cat at his own game.	Boarding Gate's surfaces are often so staggeringly beautiful that its superficiality becomes forgivable, with the pleasant distractions of Assayas' multi-layered frames, Argento's sinewy allure, and snippets of Brian Eno ambience on the soundtrack.	Distills genre tropes (and their consequent pleasures) to their lean, potent essence.	As for Argento ... yeah, she's got something. Now we'd like to see her in a movie that makes sense.	[Assayas] has concocted a plot that is dizzying and annoying at times, and it's hard to care about the characters in the shifting story. But B-movie veteran Argento's portrayal of Sandra is like watching a car careening down an incline.	Boarding Gate has little substance beneath its faux-thriller surface, and marks a step down from director Olivier Assayas' usual work.
A high-octane symphony of machine battling machine and stuff blowing to pieces.	Better than sex.	Ridiculously awesome (or awesomely ridiculous?) sequences of mass destruction, lost in a lot of uneven dramatic or comedic material.	For the bot-neutral rest of us, two-and-a-half hours of mostly incoherent special effects may be a bit much.	Taken for what it is, a crowd-rousing summer blockbuster inspired by a children's mechanical toy, Michael Bay's Transformers is some kind of mess...terpiece.	While believable characters are hard to come by in Transformers, the effects are staggering and the action is exhilarating.
Gilliam understood that all futuristic films end up quaintly evoking the naive past in which they were made, and turned the principle into a coherent comic aesthetic.	A superb example of the power of comedy to underscore serious ideas, even solemn ones.	Inventive, prophetic black comedy; lots of violence, mayhem.	Everything that Terry Gilliam does seems to come in a peak. His movies tend to be a series of exhilarating, madding high points, and his method of dazzle can be exhausting and exasperating. But you never want him to stop.	For all its occasional long-windedness and visual dazzle, Brazil may be the Strangelove of the 1980s.	Brazil, Terry Gilliam's visionary Orwellian fantasy, is an audacious dark comedy, filled with strange, imaginative visuals.
A bit of a letdown in some ways, The Birdcage nonetheless features some scene-stealing performances.	Basically, the movie's an extended setup for a dinner-table comedy of errors, in which the mismatched relatives confront one another in a nerve-racking test of appearances.	A glossy miscalculation with Nathan Lane and Robin Williams.	Pretty funny comedy from the days when Williams didn't feel he had to be either A. TOTALLY CHARMING or B. ABSOLUTELY EVIL.	The Birdcage grossed nearly $200 million worldwide in 1996, and that is significant. Box Office Mojo says it's the highest grossing queer film of all time, though they're not counting Frozen and 300, and they probably should.	Mike Nichols wrangles agreeably amusing performances from Robin Williams and Nathan Lane in this fun, if not quite essential, remake of the French comedy La Cage aux Folles.
Reitman's film is far from being a masterpiece but he has succeeded in making Up in the Air very much a film of its time.	Jason Reitman may just have the greatest, albeit mainstream, start any director has ever known. It's another crowd-pleasing, great film.	One 2009's best films.	Mr. Clooney is perfect in the role of Ryan: aloof without seeming uncaring, roguish without being threatening, lost but with a veneer of control.	Nobody gets offended, nothing gets questioned, the crowd goes home properly cheered.	Led by charismatic performances by its three leads, director Jason Reitman delivers a smart blend of humor and emotion with just enough edge for mainstream audiences.
The story amounts to a celebration of brute force in a crudely etched law-and-order context.	...RoboCop is one weird and entertaining hybrid of camp and sci-fi shoot-'em-up.	...a surprisingly smart and funny satire that just gets sharper as the years go by.	A perfect version of the thing it sets out to be, one of the most intellectual and propulsive of all '80s action films.	Verhoeven's strong suits have always been visual energy and a Rabelaisan realism: a gutsy, jovial way of ripping through social systems.	While over-the-top and gory, Robocop is also a surprisingly smart sci-fi flick that uses ultraviolence to disguise its satire of American culture.
There's a sense of delicacy, and artfulness, in the tone and in the magic. The 10-year-olds who see this like to be scared, but they won't have nightmares days afterward.	Genius and nothing but -- that's what Miyazaki means.	Spirited Away has much to say about many worthy things: the life of the spirit, materialist greed, the importance of words, the power of love.	A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.	Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.	Spirited Away is a dazzling, enchanting, and gorgeously drawn fairy tale that will leave viewers a little more curious and fascinated by the world around them.
The sets and special effects are near flawless.	To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail. The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.	An experience audiences are unlikely to forget.	Anyone with an extra pocket calculator may as well hand it over right now. Call me a freak, call me a geek, but I really enjoyed this movie.	The Fellowship of the Rings delivers like FedEx and UPS only dream of.	Full of eye-popping special effects, and featuring a pitch-perfect cast, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring brings J.R.R. Tolkien's classic to vivid life.
Perhaps not Lee's dullest "joint," it's nonetheless one of his most sloppily rolled.	Lee seems less interested in scoring easy sociological points than ratcheting up the stakes of Gewirtz's cunning heist scenario, which offers little in the way of wiggle room for latecomers.	Lee has directed Inside Man, a thriller with a big-league cast, a New York mind-set and some of the best storytelling the director has done to date.	Washington has the kind of star quality other actors would die for: unfakeable cool.	Spike Lee gets downright entertaining in a buddy suspense thriller you won't figure out until the lights come up in the multiplex.	Spike Lee's energetic and clever bank-heist thriller is a smart genre film that is not only rewarding on its own terms, but manages to subvert its pulpy trappings with wit and skill -- and Denzel Washington is terrific as a brilliant hostage negotiator.
Carrey is encouraged to be as silly as he can get. And he needs to be, as the last of the film is a colossal wet blanket.	It drowns [Carrey's] hilarious physicality in an ocean of sap.	Move over Meg Ryan: When Harry Met Sally's climactic luncheonette scene will never be the same after Aniston's eye-popping rendezvous with her maker.	Carrey makes the most of the material, but his is only a mediocre effort and clearly far from his best work.	Often entertaining, but it could have been more.	Carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes, but Bruce Almighty gets bogged down in treacle.
By fade out, the movie has run out of air: the quick, clever dialogue flattens out and it becomes contrived.	Eckhart delivers a complicated performance, veering from aggressive to abashed, and stopping at puppy-eager, jealous, and conflicted along the way	...although infused with a number of truthful moments and an awfully romantic atmosphere, director Hans Canosa's use of split-screen remains a distraction throughout the film's admittedly brisk running time.	Engrossing from start to finish, Conversations with Other Women is a stimulating man/woman tussle about life, love and the whole damn thing. It's funny, unexpected, philosophical and romantic with a dash of melancholy thrown in for good measure	This is entertainment by and for adults.	Its occasional use of split screen may feel gimmicky at times, but Conversations With Other Women is a bold, inventive drama carried by its two charismatic leads.
Sure it's clever, but clever never actually amounts to laughter...	Missteps aside, there are lots of good ideas packed into the movie.	I don't know if I've laughed this hard since "Hot Fuzz".	Pegg and Frost shouldn't be wasting their combined talents on such disposable fare.	The result is profane, surprisingly affectionate, often scathingly funny and occasionally inspired.	It doesn't measure up to Pegg and Frost's best work, but Paul is an amiably entertaining -- albeit uneven -- road trip comedy with an intergalactic twist.
Acknowledge the timeless, universal human question of whether to stay in the dull, safe place you know or take a chance in a wider, scarier, potentially more rewarding world.	Refreshingly quiet and thoughtful.	A colorful and witty work that doesn't preach so much as gently nudge us to consider the wonders of our existence.	The juxtaposition of the two stories isn't anything particularly new -- numerous films have attempted something similar -- but Norbu's boldness in approaching each with such starkly different stylistic visions is uncharacteristically invigorating.	The film works a slow magic.	Interwined tales of spiritual discovery are set against a gorgeous, evocative landscape in this pleasant, engaging import.
Horror buffs will find plenty of split-second suspense and in-your-face carnage, while others will scramble for the exit as quickly as the characters race away from their apocalyptic foes.	...as hella scary as any zombie movie ever made, and its intensity never lets up for a second.	These movies should be remade every decade	The new Dawn of the Dead moves along with speed and slick visual style, but it's soulless and anonymous as -- well, a shopping mall.	The new version has its share of disturbing moments, but writer James Gunn and director Zack Snyder have stripped away the social satire of the original and put little in its place.	A kinetic, violent and surprisingly worthy remake of George Romero's horror classic that pays homage to the original while working on its own terms.
Terrific fun, a sequel with more self-assurance than most original films can muster.	Punishingly long and slow in parts.	Bigger, faster, funnier, and darker...[but] lacks the deep soul and character nuances of its predecessor.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, satisfies as a film adaptation, but it doesn't cast as enchanting a spell as the first movie.	Great!	Though perhaps more enchanting for younger audiences, Chamber of Secrets is nevertheless both darker and livelier than its predecessor, expanding and improving upon the first film's universe.
The type of well-written and thoughtful family film that some may have been clamoring for since the hugely successful and hugely formulaic My Big Fat Greek Wedding.	At once alien and familiar: part Old World folk tale, part inspirational sitcom.	The film bridges the secular and religious with a light touch, using ritual specifics as a way into a very human story.	Fervent without edging over into preachiness, the film examines the humor that can be found in the lives of the bushy-bearded, curly-sideburns set who live by a strict interpretation of the Torah.	The film provides a valuable glimpse into the religious practices of ultra-Orthodox Jews living in Jerusalem. But it's also a cleverly plotted film, which, refreshingly, also features a few welcome comic elements.	Ushpizin offers a rare and warmly intimate look into ultra-Orthodox Jewish culture.
Meirelles has crafted a distinctive motion picture -- one takes us into the streets with an unsurpassed intensity and immediacy.	A blood-spattered, non-stop ride as much into the life of a 'favela' (squatter settlement) as it is into the lives of the youths who inhabit it.	Long and difficult to watch, but it is never dull.	So brilliant, so vibrant, so original and so exciting.	A textbook example of how to tackle a tough subject and not make a pretentious movie.	A shocking and disturbing, but always compelling look at life in the slums of Rio de Janiero.
Felicity Jones confirms her reputation as one of our brightest talents in this comedy about a young woman's struggle to vanquish her inner demons.	This movie's resemblances to Pretty Woman are a bit worrying.	The humour is aimed at teens but Jones' likeable presence make this a pleasant watch.	It's steered to success - just - by Jones, a natural, likeable everygirl who will make you care, possibly against your will, about a story as old as the Alps.	A sharp cast, a gorgeous setting and lively filmmaking make up for the thin plot.	Chalet Girl is light comedic fun geared for teenage girls, featuring a charming performance from Felicity Jones.
Audacious, controversial, directional, important and totally unique, you'll either love it or hate it. But see it!	I think this movie gave me narcolepsy	American indie god Gus Van Sant's most iconic moment was this giddily rich revisionist road movie-cum-western.	Gus Van Sant's best movie.	Cracked and beautiful, stranger than strange, yet in some assuring way so pulsing with life that it embraces you as warmly as Father Knows Best.	A tantalizing glimpse of a talented director and his stars all at the top of their respective games, Gus Van Sant's loose reworking of Henry IV is smart, sad and audacious.
It's nice to see a film about the regrets of old age that doesn't resort to Grumpy Old Men-style humor or cheap action sequences.	No one mixes graceful melancholy and bittersweet comedy better than Leconte.	Both Rochefort and Hallyday put in subtle, lovely performances.	French rock 'n' roll icon (yes, there is such a thing) Johnny Hallyday and veteran actor Jean Rochefort deliver a pair of exquisite performances in this charming, ultimately haunting tale.	Quintessentially (in places, ludicrously) French yet is suffused with a tender Yank envy.	A lovely, contemplative character study with two wonderful performances at its center.
Though likely not a film you'll remember a month after seeing it, it does hit most of the right notes for a good date flick.	The end result is easily the worst romantic comedy that you will find in theaters this weekend (or possibly this year) and yes, I am fully aware that "Made of Honor" is still playing.	This derivative rom-com works best when the leads are exacting revenge on each other.	not a complete lost cause, but no one tries to emerge from the icky goo known as mediocrity	The colorful second bananas' bawdy badinage turns out to be a lot funnier than that of the co-stars who have little more to offer than their looks and sexual chemistry going for them.	What Happens in Vegas has a few laughs, but mostly settles for derivative romantic comedy conventions and receives little help from a pair of unlikable leads.
Paranoid Park, the new Gus Van Sant movie, is slight but fascinating.	Van Sant's film is almost calculatedly minor, but it gets at something about adolescence as a wobbly and transitional business, not the semi-permanent grunge idyll he's sometimes guilty of loving a little too much.	Transposed from a novel by Blake Nelson, the boy is played by newcomer Gabe Nevins with all the complexity and three-dimensionality of a magazine centrefold.	The one facet that separates Paranoid Park from the director's previous work is the way Van Sant uses all the talents in his arsenal to create something that few films have ever attempted to portray: the manic assemblage of teenage life.	Beautifully shot, superbly acted and thoroughly engaging, this is quite simply Gus Van Sant's masterpiece.	Director Gus Van Sant once again superbly captures the ins and outs of teenage life in Paranoid Park, a quietly devastating portrait of a young man living with guilt and anxiety.
Sugarman's muddled comedy serves only to drive home the cliché that the teenage female mind is a roiling mass of contradictions and petty concerns.	If you're the parent of a kid that wants to see this, drop them off and go do something else.	Mixes The Brady Bunch, Britney, Saved by the Bell, Hilary Duff and anything else that Disney thinks kids are still watching today.	Sugarman directs this cheerful movie as if it were a bunch of memories pasted haphazardly into a scrapbook.	A shlocky, sloppy and crass adolescent comedy.	Sloppily assembled fluff that won't have much of interest for anyone who isn't a preteen girl.
Worthwhile for the amusement of the escape to a bygone era alone. But when you factor in an absorbing pulp fiction plotline, you've got all you can ask of a cinematic experience.	From a character point of view, Adrien Brodey's emotional journey as a broken down investigator and a broken down father from a broken marriage, is the film's incomplete centrepiece, Ben Affleck's superb portrayal of George Reeves notwithstanding.	Starts with artful delusions before dribbling into nothingness	Tells this tale with energy and panache.	Stark, probing and beautifully crafted, Hollywoodland is a slow-burning mystery/thriller that intriguingly jumps along with each suspenseful frame.	More than a movie star murder mystery, Hollywoodland takes it slow in order to reveal the intriguing details of the rise and fall of superstar fame.
70 minutes of good if unmemorable fun sure beats 80 or 90 minutes of excruciating parodies for dummies, a la Date Movie and Epic Movie.	It looks for all the world as if writer/director Craig Mazin took the screenplay for Spider-Man, propped it up next to his MacBook, and just went through it, inserting fart gags, pratfalls and the lamest of jokes.	Nсo tсo desastroso quanto outras imitaушes baratas das produушes do ZAZ, mas ainda assim apelativo e irregular.	The film's weakest moments are also its timeliest.	With jokes packed as tightly together as sliced cheese, the flick's comedy axiom seems to be: Never give the audience a pause to second-guess their laughter	Superhero Movie is not the worst of the spoof genre, but relies on tired gags and lame pop culture references all the same.
Just stay home and wait for The Beastie Boys' "Sabotage" to play on MTV2.	never quite as good as you'd wish it would be, although there are a couple of scenes that are real gems	Starsky & Hutch is super-sized hilarity - Stiller and Wilson style! Vince Vaughn reeks of Aqua Velva and Polyester, yet is still eveil sexy...	It's often diverting, and if you're nostalgic for the '70s you'll probably have a good time.	More about humor and hero worship than plot, which is fine, and the movie ambles along mostly at a moderate pace, both a laid-back blessing and its too-lazy curse.	It's uneven and occasionally somewhat aimless, but Starsky & Hutch benefits from Stiller and Wilson's chemistry and a surprisingly warm-hearted script.
Veni vidi vomit. That's Latin for: I came, I saw, I saw 'Saw II.'	... the bad news is that there's less (Jigsaw) innovation... the good news is there's no crying Cary Elwes.	The raucous results: Saw II is a shameless spectacle of squirming and squealing without maintaining much solid suspense in its warped, blood-clotting heart	Bousman a su trafiquer la facture originale pour en accentuer l'impact et la rendre, aussi étrange que cela puisse paraitre, un peu plus crédible.	In every way superior to its predecessor in terms of performances, story, characterization, gore, and climax.	Saw II is likely to please the gore-happy fans of the original, though it may be too gruesome for those not familiar with first film's premise.
Even if the film is essentially a one-man show, a one-man show starring John Malkovich is bound to be really damn good.	Writer Anthony Frewin and director Brian Cook uses Conway's unlikely saga to mount an appreciative send-up of a certain style of gay extravagance, with John Malkovich having a field day as Conway.	This is a kicky little movie.	Fans of John Malkovich will most appreciate Colour Me Kubrick. For the rest, this is an amusing little blip on the movie radar screen.	Kubrick stumbles around with eyes wide shut.	Colour Me Kubrick has a fascinating premise, but provides little insight into Kubrick and the man who impersonated him.
The first (and nearly the best) of Eastwood & Leone's spaghetti westerns.	A wonderful cinematic experience.	Very entertaining.	A clever film, shot with sophistication, which ... propelled Eastwood to international stardom.	The first and one of the best of the spaghetti westerns	With Akira Kurosawa's Yojimbo as his template, Sergio Leone's A Fistful of Dollars helped define a new era for the Western and usher in its most iconic star, Clint Eastwood.
Hopkins, Del Toro and Blunt do the best they can with the material. Thanks in large part to their performances, the movie never slips into full-on cheese territory.	When the beast is finally revealed, he's fearsome. Too bad the story's not.	Nothing to howl home about - practically a lesson in pointless film-making.	While it's sleeker and more sophisticated than the Chaney version, this new Wolfman isn't any scarier.	An embarrassment to Universal's horror legacy.	Suitably grand and special effects-laden, The Wolfman suffers from a suspense-deficient script and a surprising lack of genuine chills.
Over the course of [its] sequels, the Saw franchise took a novel, if distasteful, idea and basically tortured it to death.	Like the movie's mysterious Jigsaw doppelgänger, Saw IV is itself a poor substitute for the original (or even the first two sequels).	I can think of five things that are more torturous than what the victims endure in Saw IV...	An excessively convoluted rehash of its predecessors.	If the original Saw was the kernel of a potential terror universe, Saw IV is, by this time, a series of satellites and lesser celestial bodies bound together by some of the best bloodletting in modern macabre.	Saw IV is more disturbing than compelling, with material already seen in the prior installments.
Sets the comic Richter Scale jumping.	Kline delivers an intriguing, fence-straddling performance.	What a pleasure it is to watch two comic pros getting a real workout.	There's not a lot of plot momentum and the denouement is a bit simplistic and patronizing, but this light-hearted fare has enough fun moments and witty social-commentary barbs to make it worthwhile.	In a year when good comedies seem as hard to make as ever, In and Out is one of the best.	It doesn't always find comfortable ground between broad comedy and social commentary, but lively performances -- especially from Kevin Kline and Joan Cusack -- enrich In & Out's mixture of laughs and sexual tolerance.
A zero-gravity repair job doesn't sound like a thrilling cinematic spectacle, but this 43-minute film is utterly gripping.	Audiences expecting a blissout of swirling galaxies will wonder why so much time is spent on astronauts sweating over screws and bolts.	A wonderful film for anyone who still has a passion for watching the skies and wondering what's out there.	It is not hubris or hyperbole to say that Hubble 3D has to be seen to be believed. In its scant 43 minutes, the film reveals some of the most astonishing images your eyes will ever see. And every single one of them is real.	... a truly amazing trip ...	Offering a stunning, expansive viewing experience, Hubble 3D takes advantage of IMAX and 3-D technology like no other film.
This is a successful film thanks to Wan's unique vision and characters you can care about. Easily one of the best horror films I've seen in quite a while.	The cast puts their all into the film, turning what could have been a cliché'd filled blood-fest into a modern horror gem.	... it surpasses the hallmarks of its genre with an actually dramatic storyline and all-around solid acting. Just don't think you can go see it alone.	This is a director inspired by grand, gothic horror, more interested in long silences and swooping camera movements than torture porn or gruesome decapitations. The guy wants to wring you out.	Simply put: With simple, creative and very effective scare sequences, The Conjuring is the scariest movie of 2013 (so far).	Well-crafted and gleefully creepy, The Conjuring ratchets up dread through a series of effective old-school scares.
Crisply written and ingeniously plotted!	Payne understands satire and possesses an innate ability to go for the jugular but sometimes his deft and subcutaneous touch is too uncomfortable.	Exposes the dullards who praise it as the very suckers who promote the divisions among people under the pretense of virtuous, moral insight.	Wonderfully subversive!	If satire is simply a witty exaggeration of ordinary events, then this is satire at its brightest.	Election successfully combines dark humor and intelligent writing in this very witty and enjoyable film.
A calm and lovely film that audiences hungry for beauty will likely devour with their eyes.	If you're going to see Rivers and Tides, don't think of it as going to the movies. Think of it as a visit to an art gallery.	It is impossible to be unmoved by both the beauty of artist Andy Goldsworthy's work and his undying commitment to it.	Goldsworthy is mostly fascinating, occasionally exasperating, and so is Riedelsheimer's film.	I know of no documentary on a contemporary artist that conveys so much about the artist's work so lyrically and directly.	Andy Goldsworthy and his art are beautifully captured in this engaging documentary.
While they might have had their ups and downs, the subjects of Chris & Don are a testament to fidelity.	Chris & Don: A Love Story does what a good documentary should. It informs the mind and broadens the horizon while never losing its entertainment value.	Long before anyone was talking about gay marriage, that's what Christopher Isherwood and Don Bachardy had	Isherwood and Bachardy's story features cameos by a galaxy of literary and cinema stars, but few are as impressive as the protagonists, who defied the conventions of their times by living openly as a happy, well-adjusted couple.	Though a bit too conventional to perfectly reflect the unique affair at its center, Chris & Don is likely to inspire romantics of all kinds.	Chris and Don paints an affecting, enlightening portrait of a one-of-a-kind love affair.
[A] sharp and thrilling adventure combining 21st century animation technology with a refreshingly retro story of heroes and villains, and giant creatures that haunt the skies and seas.	an entertaining, colorful romp that will please kids while gifting parents with 'nudge-nudge, wink-wink' jokes	Small parts of 'Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas' show promise, but as a whole, the film never seems able to completely fill its sails.	The jokey (and occasionally lewd) hipster dialogue is at odds with the period setting and subject matter, and the film's mix of computer and hand-drawn images is awkward.	It's less the story of Sinbad than a compilation of greatest hits from Mythland.	Competent, but not magical.
What Montiel found on the streets of his native Queens in A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints, which he adapted from his own memoir, eludes him in his sophomore go-round. He's still a legitimate contender in my book, but in Fighting he's shadow boxing.	The first rule of Fighting is: You don't talk about Fighting. So please just pretend you can hear me giggling derisively instead.	For all its attention to local "color", Fighting focuses on the white boy's progress.	White-knuckle action and bruisingly bad dialogue make for an uneven but wildly entertaining fight flick.	There's a lot of honest effort and investment here in character and emotion, which feels refreshing.	Though Fighting has a likable lead performer, and the fight scenes are impressive, the paper-thin plot ultimately unravels.
'Project Nim,' an enthralling and appalling documentary by James Marsh, chronicles the collision of two species.	Gripping, heart-wrenching, powerful and a sad indictment of scientific practice, which shows that 'human' and 'humane' are all-too-often mutually exclusive.	Marsh tells this story clearly and sympathetically, and he has the backlog of film and the witnesses to do so.	Gives us jolt of clarity into our 'playing God' actions, one filled initially with both hope then despair that ultimately makes you ashamed to be human.	Animal activists should push for public awareness of 'Project Nim' and its sourcebook, Elizabeth Hess' 'Nim Chimpsky: The Chimp Who Would Be Human.'	Equal parts hilarious, poignant, and heartbreaking, Project Nim not only tells a compelling story masterfully, but also raises the flag on the darker side of human nature.
What keeps Huffman's turn from being mere spectacle is the actor's perceptive compassion for her character.	Tucker toes the line between indie raggedness and studio-produced sheen. His script and tone carry the jagged edges of a personal story, with characters that seem to possess a free will beyond studio formula.	Felicity Huffman astonishes with her skill, her dignity, her bravura style and her knockout performance.	The Emmy-winning Desperate Housewives actress is sympathetic and quietly believable as a pre-op transsexual.	Huffman...elevates a film that otherwise is too comfortable coasting on the waves of too many simple-minded movies before it.	A terrific performance by Felicity Huffman carries this unconventional but touching transgender road movie.
Courtney Solomon tried to polish the turd by adding some torture scenes, but all he did was make the turd turdier.	a well-trotted mess	I never, ever imagined the experience of spending 80 minutes watching Elisha Cuthbert could be so punishing and vile.	A spirit-sapping exercise in female degradation fantasy.	This Saw wannabe fails on many levels, including forgetting to do what it's supposed to do: deliver potentially delicious gory moments.	Lacking scares or psychological insight, Captivity is a distasteful entry in the 'torture porn' subgenre.
'Sideways' is one of those rare films where every single element and detail, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant, feels absolutely right.	A wine-country bachelor trip for two lifelong friends goes more than a little sour in one of the best movies of the year.	Much of Sideways is top-notch, with witty banter reminiscent of excellent films like Diner and Wonder Boys.	One of the best films of the year.	Like a fine novel, it has threads that tangle, bits that tingle, sections that make you laugh out loud and moments that reach deep down and touch you in the gut.	Charming, thoughtful, and often funny, Sideways is a decidedly mature road trip comedy full of excellent performances.
Formulaic but sometimes winning comedy.	The gifted and charming Latifah deserves a better role than the bunch of cliche's she's asked to propogate about the wonders of American consumerism in this fluffy and inconsequential remake of the far superior 1950 Alec Guinness comedy.	Whether performing a thrilling, impromptu church spiritual or making a grand entrance in a shimmering red chiffon gown, Queen Latifah fills every frame of the film with her uncorked generosity of spirit.	The Queen never lets us down.	Latifah is as charming and sassy as always. ... Someday, she'll find a script that can match her magnificent personality.	Although Queen Latifah's bountiful life-affirming spirit permeates the film, director Wayne Wang is unable to revive this remake with any real flair.
Young director Brian DePalma is fast making his reputation in the genre of the suspense-horror film.	De Palma's masterpiece of pure cinema is the unsung Great American Film of the 1970s.	This horror classic might be the ultimate teen angst flick.	Carrie is one of the most heart-breaking and cringe-worthy high school dramas ever made, and that's before she even gets to her apocalyptic revenge.	Carrie is a modest but effective shock-suspense drama about a pubescent girl, her evangelical mother and cruel schoolmates.	Carrie is a horrifying look at supernatural powers, high school cruelty, and teen angst -- and it brings us one of the most memorable and disturbing prom scenes in history.
Misunderstood by critics in 1983, this is one of the most incisive (and scary) movies about the desperate desire to achieve fame in American society, and the shallow nature of pop culture; De Niro and Jerry Lewis are terrific	It's still a great film, just not as absolutely amazing as it could have been.	A chilling black comedy.	...a little bizarre, somewhat unsettling, sometimes funny, sometimes not, but mostly on target.	The uncenteredness of the film is irritating, though it's irritating in an ambitious, risk-taking way.	Largely misunderstood upon its release, The King of Comedy today looks eerily prescient, and features a fine performance by Robert DeNiro as a strangely sympathetic psychopath.
A horror classic. It's ten times better than its follow-up, An American Werewolf in Paris, and about fifty times better than Halloween.	Seems curiously unfinished, as if director John Landis spent all his energy on spectacular set pieces and then didn't want to bother with things like transitions, character development, or an ending.	This movie presented a radical melange of genuine horror and self-aware comic touches, not to mention the fabulous Rick Baker special effects.	When somebody says "Stay off the moors," you should listen.	Brilliant - funny and scary at the same time.	Terrifying and funny in almost equal measure, John Landis' horror-comedy crosses genres while introducing Rick Baker's astounding make-up effects.
Not likely to please anyone.	Easily the most compelling Western to hit our screens since Unforgiven.	The emotions of the piece are as palpable as the neverending snowfall.	If we're not allowed to understand these people, how can we be expected to care how things turn out for them?	A tender masterwork.	Though it sometimes feels cold and detached, The Claim is evocative, beautifully shot, and full of understated performances.
Given the missed opportunities for sharpening silliness with satire, it's impossible not to mess with the Zohan.	It's perhaps not much of a schtick, but it's a cohesive schtick, with the sub-schticks of the entire cast well integrated in support and counterpoint.	The movie has surprisingly little energy. Sandler seems to think all he needs to do is talk in a phony middle-eastern accent to generate laughs, but what he's saying should also be funny too, right?	If silliness equaled greatness, You Don't Mess With The Zohan would instantly join Citizen Kane and It's A Wonderful Life high atop the pantheon of great American films.	A movie that de-glorifies sex into a tool used for career advancement, altruistic joy and in lieu of "thank-you" note? Sign me up!	You Don't Mess With the Zohan features intermittent laughs, and will please Sandler diehards, but after awhile the leaky premise wears thin.
[T]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid, overplotted, Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them.	The good news is that Queen of the Damned isn't as bad as you might expect. The bad news is that it isn't nearly as good as its predecessor, Interview with the Vampire.	[E]even if you can swallow the silly plot about a vampire turned rock star, the humorless script turns things sour, eliciting unintentional laughs instead of blood-curdling frights.	A forgettable funhouse for Aaliyah to play in.	At its best, Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s. At its worst, it implodes in a series of very bad special effects.	A muddled and campy MTV-styled vampire movie with lots of eye candy and bad accents.
In fact, it could have benefited from having one or two plot threads snipped. But it's hard to argue with any film that boasts a cast of this caliber.	A heavily mixed bag; high points come with Jon Stewart's sweet courtship of Gillian Anderson and a brilliant turn from a young unknown named Angelina Jolie.	A well-scripted ensemble drama about eleven people in Los Angeles searching for love.	An always-entertaining and fairly thoughtful film on the subject of love, and how everyone hopes for it in one way or another.	As a young scenemaker who keeps landing in one bad relationship after another, Jolie doesn't exactly avoid the pitfalls of the material she's given. But her performance is flabbergasting.	It's overly talky, but Playing By Heart benefits from witty insights into modern relationships and strong performances from an esteemed cast.
...Pleasing but ultimately unsatisfying.	It's no Mary Poppins, to be sure. Whatever could be? But even that magical movie icon would be excessively diverted by Nanny McPhee's antics.	The kind of movie that I would have loved to seen as a kid. Magical stuff. I look forward to the sequel. Paul Chambers, CNN.	An exquisitely designed fable that will delight adults as well as their offspring through its beguiling innocence and hushed, low-key charm.	Under the surface, the movie has a streak of Roald Dahl-style darkness which dilutes the sugar.	A bit alarming at first, Nanny McPhee has a hard edge to counter Mary Poppins-style sweetness, but it still charms us and teaches some valuable lessons.
Call it Tron for little kids. Or Toy Story for their arcade generation parents.	Sweet enough but in the end a bit of a corny-syrupy wipeout, this is middling family-night fare, but it never even comes close to the emotional or technical wizardry of Pixar's finest moments.	Consider it a force in the Best Animated Film Oscar race	For some, Ralph's spell in Sugar Rush's candy-coloured world may induce hyperglycaemia... but hard-core gamers will have a blast picking up all the gaming in-jokes and references that fly over everyone else's heads.	Wreck-It Ralph feels like so many modern AAA gaming titles-a promising starting point for an inevitable, improved sequel.	Equally entertaining for both kids and parents old enough to catch the references, Wreck-It Ralph is a clever, colorful adventure built on familiar themes and joyful nostalgia.
I had a grand old time at this apocalypse, where 75-80% of the jokes land and the cast's eager-to-please energy, mostly carry you through the gags that fall short.	For an anarchic, R-rated comedy, "This Is the End" exudes a kindness and generosity that's quite touching.	A playful metaphor for acting and the hell-fire of public opinion. That or they're comparing adulthood to Armageddon, in which case it's a little ironic to let [Michael] Cera die first.	"This Is the End" is a stunt-comedy filled with trashy throwaway comic bits. It's a shotgun approach that works well enough to induce more laughs than you'd get from a typical Hollywood comedy.	manages to maintain a surreal comic pace throughout the first half until things take a turn for the truly weird ... What Baruchel witnesses when he walks in on Cera in Franco's bathroom is priceless on its own	Energetic, self-deprecating performances and enough guffaw-inducing humor make up for the flaws in This Is the End loosely written script.
With enough good nature and friendly humor to still be considered a family comedy, Bringing Down the House also hits an edginess that will keep today's audiences laughing.	Shankman relies heavily on the terrific supporting cast for laughs, and he should be eternally grateful that they come through more often than they don't.	The rare film that manages to be simultaneously bland and offensive.	Simple comedy, done right.	"Bringing Down the House" stars Queen Latifah as the wrecking ball, always a good bet these days, particularly since she knocked out pretty much everyone who saw her in her Academy Award-nominated performance in "Chicago."	Though the cast shines, they can't save this comedy, which is overly contrived and filled with outdated and offensive racial jokes.
Not as sharp on characterizations as [Mamet's] later work, but it's essential viewing for admirers of his gutter-elegant dialogue.	The piece is a theatrical curio, but no less fascinating for that.	The script is so inherently stagy that setting the film on a real boat doesn't pay off.	As drama, it's not much; as a meditation on language and storytelling, it's a treat.	As with any Mamet script, the cast is all, and these old boys take his macho monologues and make them sound like Homer.	Though not much happens plot-wise, Lakeboat still has a lot to offer for fans of Mamet.
Neither Claude nor Ozon comes up with a satisfying finish to this intriguing setup. But because they're both so committed to seducing their audience, it's a lot of fun watching them try.	A cinematic bouquet of surprising left turns and addictive story hooks. Strongly recommended.	A sharp, enticing psychological cat-and-mouse game. Its gleeful dark wit comes from manipulations, voyeurism, the idea that we all invade each other's lives and thoughts.	The convoluted yet familiar narrative games become somewhat tiresome. The movie works best as a straight suspense drama about a frustrated teacher and his devious star pupil...	The dexterity of the actors and their director is not quite enough, and as "In the House" accelerates, it also starts to sputter, piling on incidents and revelations that cause its web of implications to unravel.	Dark, tense, and wryly funny, In the House is brilliantly directed by François Ozon and features fine performances from its talented cast.
writers have kids of their own.	As light and fluffy as it is, Return to Me still proves surprisingly inviting, thanks to some canny direction by actress Bonnie Hunt in her filmmaking debut.	The film builds an implausible scenario into a credible and utterly charming romantic comedy.	The movie suffers from a surfeit of affection.	Ultimately too bland and safe.	David Duchovny and Minnie Driver provide heart-warming romance and comedy in this solid debut by Director Bonnie Hunt.
A funny stoner buddy movie, with nods to those original multicultural high times guys, Cheech and Chong, and flashes of the kind of party-on comedy that Saturday Night Live slackers Wayne and Garth made most excellent.	That Cho and Penn are such likable actors and are so funny in their roles earns the movie more slack than it probably deserves and prevents it from being just another gross-out comedy.	Will never become a teen classic, to be remembered lovingly as the film that shaped your teenage years but one thing's for sure: it's very funny and wonderfully dumb.	H&K has a lot to say about smoking pot and the silliness of its illegality...a "Marijuana Kills" public service commercial...is a stroke of satiric genius.	a whacky, racially refreshing breather in Hollywood's white-dominated, politically over-correct bummer of a mainstream culture	The likable leads and subversion of racial stereotypes elevate Harold and Kumar above the typical stoner comedy.
Leave your brain in the foyer, and your taste in the toilets.	Just middling funny, with no truly memorable high points and a sum impact that goes poof! before you've left the parking garage.	This PG-13 has R-rated stuff.	If you're looking for anything other than a parody clipshow, you won't find it.	It's time to stop, I'm afraid.	Though an improvement over the second Scary Movie, the laughs are still inconsistent.
Dumas's classic tale is such a rattling good yarn, there's nothing you can do to derail it as it hurtles down the track.	Audiences and readers began cheering Alexandre Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo in 1846, and goodwill likely will continue through the tale's latest movie reincarnation.	The best swashbuckler since The Mask of Zorro.	[Reynolds] takes a classic story, casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch.	If The Count shows its age at all, it's the way the revenge parable is framed -- not as a moral or ethical matter, but a spiritual one.	Though it may not reach for any new artistic heights, The Count of Monte Cristo is an old-fashioned yet enjoyable swashbuckler.
slick, exciting, emotionally trenchant - well done all around.	The moral implications of this scheme are so charged and turbulent that they defy neat resolution. If the film's inhabitants are walking a tightrope, it occasionally seems that that its writer-director is too.	Much of "Counterfeiters" is actually pretty thrilling, as Sorowitsch, a classic taciturn anti-hero in the Humphrey Bogart or William Holden mold, struggles with whether to go along with the Nazi plan or figure out some way of undoing it from within.	Full of chilling, ironic details.	Director Stefan Rukowitzky keeps his camera -- wisely -- inside the forgers' separate barracks. They, and we, can only guess at what is going on in the rest of the camp. But it haunts them still.	The Counterfeiters is a gripping account of one prisoner's moral dilemma, superbly portrayed by Karl Markovics.
Balancing well-rendered melodrama with some impressively ballsy genre moves, Orphan is more enjoyable trash than it should be. Call it John and Kate Plus Hate.	Enough jump-out-of-your-seat moments to make this nonetheless trashy, implausible thirller watchable.	As interesting as Collet-Serra's story is, there's simply nothing here that you won't find in other better evil children films in the library...	Dump a murderous psycho brat with a corny Russian accent into that troubled mix and you've got a real horror show on your hands. But not a good one.	I would have laughed if the movie hadn't already sucked my soul from my body	While it has moments of dark humor and the requisite scares, Orphan fails to build on its interesting premise and degenerates into a formulaic, sleazy horror/thriller.
Alien abductees are back and they are still idiots.	Without the true-story conceit, The Fourth Kind would be just another formula horror flick with a couple of passable jolts trying to hold a flimsy story together.	As the movie repeatedly insists, it's only presenting this information; it's up to you to decide what to believe. Well, I believe this was a waste of about an hour and a half.	The release date is not the fault of the movie.	The Olatunde Osunsanmi who directed The Fourth Kind should have fired the Olatunde Osunsanmi who wrote it.	While it boasts a handful of shocks, The Fourth Kind is hokey and clumsy and makes its close encounters seem eerily mundane.
Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy.	By maintaining a modest stance and a gentle, affectionate tone it emerges as winning rather than wearying.	A sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends.	A charming but slight comedy.	Elling offers a captivating glimpse into one of cinema's most unlikely and touching friendships since Midnight Cowboy.	Quirky without being overly cutesy, Elling is a gentle, warm comedy.
Does the story of the Bielski partisans deserve to be told Hollywood-style, with much melodrama and cliche-ridden dialogue?	Zwick is a terribly consistent filmmaker, and he's done yet again exactly what he always does. Defiance is technically accomplished, and fumbles its story right from the word go.	Schreiber and Craig make a well-matched pair of bulls. Schreiber's volatility is a nice foil to the taciturn intelligence that makes Craig such a great Bond.	Defiance plods where it should soar, but it's still the best of this month's four (!) Holocaust movies -- if for no other reason than it confronts the common belief that European Jews didn't actively resist the Nazi onslaught.	What is puzzling is how Edward Zwick has taken an extraordinary real-life story about a handful of people who defied huge odds, and turned it into an utterly conventional war movie.	Professionally made but artistically uninspired, Ed Zwick's story of Jews surviving WWII in the Belarus forest lacks the emotional punch of the actual history.
A worthwhile little picture with a true sense of humanity running through it.	Absurdity reminiscent of Camus is married to a modernist cynicism that is most disquieting	After the movie makes its one didactic point, it repeats it endlessly, hoping to beat it into out heads that war is fruitless and senseless.	A skillfully wrought, if somewhat predictable, farce involving belligerent opponents, blundering international peacekeepers and excitable journalists.	... a gripping piece of combat theater.	Bleak and darkly humorous, No Man's Land vividly illustrates the absurdity of war.
The movie marks the first time Rock's stand-up persona - cutting, vulnerable, afraid of no sacred cows - has survived intact on the way to the multiplex. That alone is reason for fans to celebrate.	Welcome back, Chris Rock.	It's superior fare and marks Rock out - third time round - as a writer-director and actor to be reckoned with.	Rock's frank, personal, semi-autobiographical, ferociously 21st-century comedy feels like its own special animal... This sweet small crazy blunt bittersweet dirty ----- comedy vaults in every moment into a superior comic stratosphere.	The semi-autobiographical nature of Rock's film makes Top Five's satiric points about black performers in the entertainment industry fall all the more precisely.	As smart, funny, and trenchant as writer-director-star Chris Rock's best standup work, Top Five is a career highlight for its creator -- and one of the comedy standouts of 2014.
It isn't much of a movie.	Hughley and Jones have an explosively comic chemistry together.	Once you accept the surfacey nature of The Brothers, it's pretty entertaining.	Digs more vibrantly into issues of trust, fear, pleasure, commitment, and camaraderie than any Hollywood feature in recent memory.	Hardwick isn't afraid to dog out these men for their disrespect and double standards even while sympathizing with their attempts to 'grow up.'	Often seen as a Waiting to Exhale with men, The Brothers is amiable. However, it feels superficial and somewhat of a retread.
The cleverest aspect of the film is the way it turns a terrorist into a crusading hero while remaining politically correct. What it doesn't manage is to create a credible future or avoid pomposity.	Unlike The Matrix, V for Vendetta puts its ideological intent first, and happens to provide smashing entertainment only as a vehicle for delivering its message.	Though the dystopian elements here are pretty standard, V for Vendetta provocatively captures a society at the tipping point of rebellion.	It's viciously, vibrantly, vigorously, very, very good.	A daring and imaginative view of Britain as a fascist state in the 2020s.	Visually stunning and thought-provoking, V For Vendetta's political pronouncements may rile some, but its story and impressive set pieces will nevertheless entertain.
Both an eye-opening epic and an intimate portrait of a man who never really tastes the joys of freedom.	An involving look at the life of an emperor forced to give up all that he knew only to realize he never had everything he wanted.	At last a real, thought-provoking, eyeball-popping movie epic.	It's a tribute to the film's intelligence and its feeling for dialectics that it views both the Forbidden City and the detention center as prisons, and that when Pu Yi winds up as a gardener there's a sense of gain as well as loss.	Bernardo Bertolucci takes this outline of Pu Yi's tumultuous life and transforms it into an absurdist journey in The Last Emperor, a masterpiece about the loneliness and hubris of believing that we can control our own destiny.	While decidedly imperfect, Bernardo Bertolucci's epic is still a feast for the eyes.
Those who have not seen the television series will likely react as television viewers did upon its first airing -- some fascinated and wanting more, and others confused, perplexed, gross-out or uninterested in this strange place and stranger events.	It works well because Lynch's nightmarish vision stays true to itself throughout the entire movie and never strays far from its strong central story.	It's a seriously underrated work and one of Lynch's purest dives into his own twisted soul.	A horrible masterpiece. Ugly, abstract and unrelenting, it's like having someone else's nightmare.	Fabulously color-coded to resemble a dream world, a purgatory consumed by the sadness of blues and the terror of reds.	For better or worse, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me is every bit as strange and twisted as you'd expect from David Lynch.
By the end of Beaches of Agnes, we've learned an incredible amount about how this fascinating woman mines her own life for her art.	Varda recalls her childhood, her adulthood, her politics, and how both her films and her two children were born. She doesn't just show us, she takes us inside of it all, inside of her. It's a reverie.	Replete with clips and anecdotes, The Beaches of Agnes is a treat to anyone who already cherishes Varda's films and a perfect primer for those who haven't yet discovered her work.	Ultimately, her movie is about how her life, anybody's life, is created out of oddments that never quite cohere, and don't need to. The sheer sensuousness of all these bric-a-brac memories is sustaining.	In The Beaches of Agnčs, the "game" of cinema is endlessly fascinating, as what was and what can be come together on screen.	An enchanting self-portrait by a veteran director, Beach of Agnes is equal parts playful and profound.
Although Tron's state-of-the-art, computer-generated visuals look primitive by current standards, it's intelligently conceived (on a visual level, at any rate) and largely good fun.	Its computer sequences exist in a blue-gray scheme filled with flashing lights, speeding objects and dizzying motion. Its visual effects are wonderfully new. They are also numbing after a while.	Tron looks almost as startling as it did when I was much shorter, largely because the designs by Moebius and Syd Mead complemented the austere style of early CGI.	The visuals were groundbreaking and the famous light-cycle sequence is undeniably cool, but the years haven't been kind to the tech-talk script or offensive synth-mongous soundtrack.	While its visual effects have aged laughably poorly, the movie can be quite lovely to look at, particularly since its CGI isn't trying to represent anything more realistic than 1982-era CGI.	Though perhaps not as strong dramatically as it is technologically, TRON is an original and visually stunning piece of science fiction that represents a landmark work in the history of computer animation.
Even if the Yes Men don't exactly fix the world in their documentary, they certainly give it something to think about.	Optimistic and constantly amusing, the Yes Men are a force for the good. That, plus the knowledge that many of those free marketeering goons will have been crushed in the credit crunch, makes this a guilt-edged pleasure.	It's fun, ballsy, edited with color, humor & hopefully will bring some awareness to the price of greed, and inject some ethics into discussions among the rich and powerful.	The slice of life story of two masters of the modern hoax. More laughs per dollar than any other film fuel.	An entertaining swipe at corporate irresponsibility.	The Yes Men aim their barbs at the capitalist fat-cats with gutsy and hilarious performance pranks.
Structured like the Divine Comedy, Jean-Luc Godard's new film is a journey through hell and purgatory in search of a paradise.	This Musique sings.	[Jean-Luc Godard] may be nearly 74, but this three-part meditation, inspired by Dante's Inferno, is the work of someone with fresh, young ideas.	This film, which awakens your inner philosopher and encourages it to breathe, may not be an experience for everyone; if only it were.	Visually sublime and intellectually dense, this is one of the extremely rare movies that prove cinema can be as complex and profound as the very greatest art works in any form.	A dense, but thoughtful meditation about war by Jean-Luc Godard.
Worth watching for Foster's fiercely arresting performance.	Suggests something tailored for people who buy their CDs at coffee shops and approve of how Rudy Giuliani pimped out Times Square to the Disney Company.	Those going into this film expecting some kind of corollary to Foster's other film about random violence, The Accused, will be disappointed for the simple reason that that was a serious film, and this is not.	Got the exploitation part right but couldn't get much else right.	Audience identification with the movie really rests on whether you're turned off by this freestyle, really pissed off judge and jury female assassin, or else in the mood to cut this loose cannon sexy sniper some slack.	Magnetic by between Jodie Foster and Terrence Howard can't quite compensate for The Brave One's problematic and unconvincing eye-for-an-eye moral.
Framed by the shameless burning of Congo's national hero with only a smidgen of kootchi-coo family sentimentality, Lumumba richly deserves its Best Picture award at the 2001 Pan African Film Festival.	Utterly enthralling even for viewers unfamiliar with the Congo's complicated political history.	His story is told with admirable crispness and a surprising lack of bias.	Lumumba may not seem like the kind of film you'll want to run out to see, but you won't regret it if you do.	A taut, well-drawn story.	Ebouaney's fiery performance makes Lumumba compelling.
Barbershop 2: Back in Business is the second episode of a big-screen sit-com. It may be three times longer, but it is also three times funnier.	[Fumbles] around with what had been a winning cast of characters, reducing their living, breathing relationships to a series of exchanges of cheap insults.	Barbershop 2 is that rare exception of a sequel that actually surpasses the original.	The gist of this film can be summed in one short phrase: 'Sorry. My bad.'	The high-velocity comic additions provided by Latifah and the flashbacks relating to Eddie's youth are enough to make this sequel one more sharp cut.	The humor is less sharp and more warm-hearted this time around, and the characters are enjoyable to revisit.
insanely transcendent	If you're in the mood for this sort of absurd, violent nonsense ... True Romance does deliver.	Sifting through the bloody, pulpy trash of True Romance -- should you care to -- you'll find amusing, smart-alecky nuggets planted by screenwriter Quentin Tarantino.	Overrated, but still quite a bit of fun.	...[a] violently funny genre mishmash that gave Tony Scott's new life, and also transmitted Quentin Tarantino's vision more credibly than the screenwriter and then-novice director could have done himself.	Fueled by Quentin Tarantino's savvy screenplay and a gallery of oddball performances, Tony Scott's True Romance is a funny and violent action jaunt in the best sense.
The film's defining emblematic moment comes when a man crawls out of a Port-O-Potty covered in feces, thereby providing an approximation of the audience's experience.	Maybe it's just time to put an end to this mutant circle of life, or at least send it straight to DVD from now on.	It's all just far too Wes Craven for its own good. He gave Aja free rein to innovate, but as he writes this sequel he rests on every single genre cliché because he doesn't understand that they're still clichés even if he did invent them.	a film as bloodily pointless as the current conflict in Iraq that it so unsubtly allegorises.	One man-versus-mutant dust-up ends with a sledgehammer to the groin. Enough said.	The Hills Have Eyes 2 is a completely unoriginal sequel offers plenty of gore and clichés, but few scares.
We know where this is going, or rather where it isn't; but the fun is in watching the negotiations unfold.	Tere's a fair amount of talking in circles, even with the film's brisk running time. The dialogue also reflects the material's stage origins in ways that don't always translate well.	Although we know what happens, Diplomacy keeps up the suspense and pulls off surprises as Choltitz's decision reaches its inevitable ending.	Arestrup, Dussollier and Schlöndorff make us all believe in a battle for Paris that never happened.	The drama is made interesting and more substantial as hidden facts about the German's situation are revealed, and his soldier's perspective honored.	For filmgoers who value character development and smart dialogue over plot, Diplomacy yields rich, powerfully acted rewards.
Ocean's 13 knows everybody loves to see the house lose, which is what makes watching the gang rig the casino to go bust so fun.	You get what you came for, namely the usual suspects breezily hamming it up and a lot of forgettable banter going down incredibly easily.	The script is fun and breezy and not meant to be taken very seriously.	Though "Ocean's Thirteen" sticks to Las Vegas, rather than the lush palazzos of European cities, the atmosphere is still a privileged one where our heroes carry out another ultra-hip caper.	Actors having a good time plus Soderbergh's style and lush Vegas imagery compensate for the plodding prelude to the heist.	Ocean's Thirteen reverts to the formula of the first installment, and the result is another slick and entertaining heist film.
Styled as a romantic confection, Everyone Says I Love You is, in fact, steeped in an unacknowledged middle-aged sadness that leaks from the writer-director and saps the energies of his cast.	Warmhearted, original, but not entirely successful tribute to classic Hollywood movies of the 1930s, specifically Capra's You Can't Take It With You.	Woody Allen's musical exploration of the variety and vagaries of romantic love.	The preoccupation with rich, uninteresting, New Yorkers continues to distance his audience from his work more and more with each movie.	Slight but pleasing middlebrow fare (much like a Bob Hope musical comedy).	A likable, infectious musical, Woody Allen's Everyone Says I Love You is sometimes uneven but always toe-tapping and fun.
...for all its formal wizardry, ultimately an ice-cold feat of intellectual gamesmanship. Once the novelty wears off, there's nothing left.	It does work, brilliantly. Mind-blowingly.	It seems less than the sum of its time-slicing moves.	If Pulp Fiction represents the birth of post-modern filmmaking, Memento marks its adolescent spurt.	Memento is a thriller for people who are sick of thrillers, a puzzle movie in which the puzzle is actually worth the time and effort to solve.	Christopher Nolan skillfully guides the audience through Memento's fractured narrative, seeping his film in existential dread.
Taking a potshot at the beauty pageant industry, Miss Congeniality is entertainment as light as a well-shaped hairdo, fitted out with skin-deep characterizations and a plot that has the all complexity of a G-string bikini.	Pro forma hilarity.	The screenplay lacks any sense of consistency, treating all the contestants derisively -- and then trying to convince us that, deep down, they're all really wonderful women.	Rent Drop Dead Gorgeous if you want to see how a funny movie on the beauty pageant world is done! This is all formula.	The players are game. Too bad they don't have much of a coach or a plan.	Though critics say Bullock is funny and charming, she can't overcome a bad script that makes the movie feel too much like a fluffy, unoriginal sitcom.
A feeble sequel.	An even sequel that misses the freshness of the original or the TV series.	The enthusiastic Zucker, Zucker & Abrahams style of movie parody is too rarely seen to prompt much head-shaking about gags that don't work.	Smells bad.	Provides sporadic laughs, but not as consistently funny as the first one.	The slapstick antics of this sequel provide a few laughs, but fail to equal those of the original.
Since the mid-1970s, the movie has become presciently emblematic of our emotionally diseased, violence-prone culture.	A movie to educate us about life on darker sides of the soul, or steer us away from living that life. It draws us in with a conviction that makes us feel like we're living it.	It's a powerful film and a terrific showcase for the versatility of star Robert De Niro.	Get in and take a nightmare ride on perhaps Scorsese's best picture, the story of Vietnam vet Travis Bickle's fight to win the woman of his dreams in the seedy Big Apple.	Probably did for cab drivers what Psycho did for showers.	A must-see film for movie lovers, this Martin Scorsese masterpiece is as hard-hitting as it is compelling, with Robert De Niro at his best.
Batman Forever is in and out but wins in the end by staying true to its unbridled comic spirit.	This would only appeal to die-hard fans of Batman. Then again, it might make die-hard fans cry.	The fatuousness of that title sums up Schumacher's approach. The director allows his few scrupulous choices to be overwhelmed by garish vaudeville.	Where is Tim Burton when you need him?	By now, Jim Carrey is doing sarcastic takes on his own sarcasm, and there's something funny and a little scary in that.	Loud, excessively busy, and often boring, Batman Forever nonetheless has the charisma of Jim Carrey and Tommy Lee Jones to offer mild relief.
It may not be for everyone -- the movie requires a high tolerance for statements such as 'there's only one instant, and it's now, and it's eternity' -- but it's like nothing else in theaters right now.	Animation serves the dialogue in this movie as it served the music in "Fantasia..." The monologues themselves are like jazz improvisations, wildly playful...	A visionary animated film of deep play that is stylistically innovative and spiritually rich in content.	A candy-colored My Dinner With André, which is both engrossing and boring at the same time.	An instant cult classic, one that's tailor-made for multiple viewings and bound to be popular among college students.	The talky, animated Waking Life is a unique, cerebral experience.
A good, if draining, film.	[An] interesting, insightful film ...	The acting by Emily Watson and Rachel Griffiths, playing Jackie and Hilary, respectively, as adults, is first-rate.	Watson is a mercurial presence with huge, nervous baby eyes, and when she cuts loose, an otherwise conventional film shudders with anxiety.	A flawed but powerful Shine-esque tale of love, music, and madness!	Brilliant performances, lush cinematography, and complex storytelling deserve audience's attention.
It's the detail -- the fly on the dead man's face and all those close-ups of characters' stirruped boots clanking on wooden floors -- that makes The Salvation so enjoyable.	The Salvation has everything a good Western should have.	This doesn't add much to the genre but it's always welcome to see a film that does it so well.	Two Bond villains and Eva Green walk into a western, and they emerge with a rugged - if far from revolutionary - old-school horse-opera throwback.	Wild West vengeance gets a terrific homage and a bloody reckoning in this oater excursion ...	It's all but impossible to add anything new or fresh to the traditional Western, but -- thanks in no small part to Mads Mikkelson's performance -- The Salvation comes close.
From start to finish, State and Main has so few lulls and so many memorable parts that it's hard not to be hungry for more after it's over.	This is sitcom the way sitcom is meant to be.	A surprisingly unpolished piece of work that plays as though it were written for the stage and only slightly modified for the screen.	As smart, witty and nasty as anything you'd expect from the artist.	By the end, you'll wish they'd actually made a movie called The Old Mill, because seeing what went behind the scenes will have completely intrigued you.	State and Main offers plenty of wit and laughs in its lampoons of the movie industry.
It's better than the first one. Now please stop.	Banal dialogue, ludicrous and uninspired plotting, dull but vicious fight scenes.	'Tomb Braider' is able to leap from tall buildings, jump a motorcycle off the Great Wall of China, flip a speeding jet ski, and trick-shoot while riding sidesaddle - all without messing up her hair.	The best thing about Cradle of Life? It's a whole half-hour shorter than Bad Boys II.	The storytellers behind The Cradle of Life concentrate mostly on transportation: the best parts of the movie depict our heroes getting from place to place.	Though the sequel is an improvement over the first movie, it's still lacking in thrills.
The most challenging aspect of disaster movies to make the disaster believable. But performances aren't all about screaming, and this cast does a remarkable job of convincing us of their complexities and humanity	[B]rings a new heart to the disaster film, focusing not on the large scale of physical destruction but on the small scale of fragile, traumatized people amidst the unimaginable scale of the catastrophe...	A more accurate name for this New Age disaster movie might be 'The Lucky' or 'The Coincidental.' If we accept the Brits' survival as something miraculous, what does that imply about the tens of thousands of Asians who were wiped out?	I hesitate to use this term, since it is so often equated with hokey, but The Impossible is life-affirming.	South East Asian tsunami survival saga is a test of endurance	The screenplay isn't quite as powerful as the direction or the acting, but with such an astonishing real-life story at its center, The Impossible is never less than compelling.
A modern epic that fuses myth with hard-edged reality, it's a one-of-a-kind, thoroughly engaging experience.	A touching and funny one-of-a-kind gem about two lost souls who help each other find redemption. Bridges once again proves what an underappreciated actor he is, while Williams is at his manic best.	Great cast and director in intellectual plot	Visually impressive, frequently pretentious, and extremely fluid as narrative (the 137 minutes sail by effortlessly), this mythic comedy-drama presents Gilliam as half seer, half snake-oil salesman and defies you to sort out which is which.	So what if it's not perfect? It's magic.	An odd but affecting mixture of drama, comedy and fantasy, The Fisher King manages to balance moving performances from Robin Williams and Jeff Bridges with director Terry Gilliam's typically askew universe.
I would have preferred Jackson's clinically-presented project display a bit more reverence for the three young lives that were brutally taken some twenty years ago.	Berg's film is but a piece of the entire story, but it's an essential entry into the horrifying true life tale.	A sobering look at how the wheels of justice can be -- and are -- manipulated by political expediency and a small town's tendrils of the old boy network	Amy Berg's documentary is evenly paced and informative, never succumbing to hysteria.	It's reasonable to question whether the time and resources poured into this project might have been better spent highlighting a miscarriage of American justice that nobody knows about rather than one that enjoys a celebrity profile.	Both a sobering look at a true crime story and a scathing indictment of the American justice system, West of Memphis is a real-life horror story told with fury and compassion.
There's a sense of vibrancy and hope burgeoning throughout as the quartet yearn to escape the shackles of their oppressive past at the hands of a racist White Australia. The Sapphires is a triumph.	It helps that the leading actors are so skillful and appealing, beginning with Chris O'Dowd as a roguish Irishman who becomes the girls' manager...	A good-natured tribute to feisty soulfulness that is fun for a long as it lasts, provided you are in a feelgood mood.	It's the musical numbers and the mighty lungs of Australian Idol winner Jessica Mauboy that make this one of the feel-good movies of the year.	With O'Dowd in the lead, and a hit-soundtrack-ready selection of tunes from the Stax and Motown catalogs and more, The Sapphires is popcorn entertainment, with some earned laughs and a genuine heart.	While it's plenty predictable and sentimental, The Sapphires also has an irresistible feel-good vibe, winning music and charming performances to spare.
Villneuve's grim chronicle of the fallout when two young girls vanish in a small town succeeds at crafting one powerfully suspenseful moment after another.	The last half hour, despite the occasional jolt of excitement, is an embarrassment.	In any case, the crowd I watched it with sat in awed, tense silence throughout-a mighty good sign that a thriller is doing its job.	The cast and creators are released early for good behaviour.	A dark, foreboding and riveting thriller, that will leave many spun by its labyrinth plot, spellbound by its strong performances and haunted by its many moral and religious complexities.	Prisoners has an emotional complexity and a sense of dread that makes for absorbing (and disturbing) viewing.
Don't waste your time with Serving Sara.	Serving Sara is downright terrible: impossible to enjoy, impossible to believe.	The movie itself is a cattle ranch full of joke droppings and mooing shtick not worth stepping in.	A string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity.	It can only be recommended as a very mild rental...ya know, one of those that you pick up because you've already seen everything else.	A romantic comedy that's neither funny nor particularly romantic, Serving Sara is a forgettable time waster.
I wish I had a surrogate to watch it for me.	Fails to land a killing blow that pays off the simplified mystery with any distinct urgency. It's a flawed film, but far from unbearable. Nothing a DVD director's cut couldn't fix.	Throw away the Blackberry? Surrogates is yet another serviceable sci-fi whodunit about how our dependency on technology will be the ruin of us all.	This popcorn thriller has a bit of imagination blended in with the been-done-before action.	Surrogates favours action-packed, empty-headed spectacle over credible, coherent plot and the brief running time leaves you wondering what they left on the cutting room floor.	Though it sports a slick look and feel, Surrogates fails to capitalize on a promising premise, relying instead on mindless action and a poor script.
Initial weaknesses leave it standing squarely on the silver medalist platform.	Was the world really crying out for The Mighty Ducks meets The Princess Diaries?	This dumb-as-a-stump teen girl coming-of-age movie envisions a high school physics geek (Michelle Trachtenberg) who turns into an ice skating pro as a result of her knowledge of physics.	A film about teens discovering and pursuing their dreams. It's an oldie but a goodie as far as film ideas go.	Jokes are simple, crises soft, payoffs insanely predictable, and physics is left in the dust where theorems count their quarks. But Trachtenberg rules as lovable princess.	This likable Disney film gets points for effort, but can't stick the landing when it comes to originality.
For all its quirky characterizations, semi-clever dialogue and convention-defying plot contortions, Rocket Science is a fairly schizophrenic affair.	Compared to the likes of Election and Rushmore, Blitz's film is hardly top-of-the-class, but nonetheless in Hal Hefner - partly thanks to Thompson's fine work - he has crafted an enduring cult figure who deserves a sequel all of his own.	With the grace of a young Edward Norton, Thompson is a real find.	Blitz's one-man revenge of the nerds continues with this narrative-feature debut, a smartypants comedy about a kid with a lot going on inside and a sadly undependable mouthpiece with which to let it out.	Rocket Science brings the squirm-inducing comedy genre to new heights	Though Rocket Science appears to be a typically quirky indie, the well-rounded performances and director Jeffrey Blitz's clear affection for his characters gives the film its proper human spark.
A smooth blend of sentiment and slapstick.	Most children will get a kick out of it, although adults roped into accompanying their offspring may find themselves yearning to escape through the nearest exit.	Beyond the booby traps and plentiful pranks, Dennis the Menace is truly a treat for all ages.	Its unholy mixture of peppy sadism and pious, self-righteous sentiment comes straight from Hughes' crabbed cinematic heart.	How to turn an innocuous comic strip into an obnoxious movie.	Walter Matthau does a nice job as Mr. Wilson, but Dennis the Menace follows the Home Alone formula far too closely.
needed nothing but Scrat to be the winner he never will be. And we all lose because it isn't.	Its prehistoric characters might as well be stretching their paws and claws out for money, because the picture gives them little else of consequence to do.	A curiously dour sequel to 2002's popular Ice Age.	... a whole new adventure. Well, an outing. Okay, a long walk...	Sisyphus has nothing on Scrat, and his antics make Ice Age: The Meltdown worth the price of admission.	Despite its impressive animation and the hilarious antics of the saber-toothed squirrel Scrat, Ice Age 2: The Meltdown comes up short on the storytelling front.
Equally gut-wrenching and inspiring, the documentary Call Me Kuchu beams right from Uganda, the global hypocenter in the ongoing and intensifying struggle over LGBT rights.	It will be alarming to many to see how easily hatred is stirred up by local media, but also rewarding to see that Kato's fight for his own human rights has been ably captured for posterity.	It's a lesson in courage, in being determined to enjoy one's life even as the authorities threaten to take it away.	Such horror, such bravery.	I'll be surprised if any other movie this year affects me as much.	Alternately horrific and uplifting, Call Me Kuchu exposes heinous systematic brutality with a clear eye and admirable precision.
'You're a star,' goes the film's final line. Truer words cannot be spoken about Paul Thomas Anderson.	Both exhilarating and disturbing, a fast-paced epic about business, family, and self-worth.	The flashy style cannot hide the slight story.	With a movie based on the porn industry, you'd expect it to be trashy, cheap, and even tawdry. But it's not.	I didn't dislike it, but it didn't do much for me.	Grounded in strong characters, bold themes, and subtle storytelling, Boogie Nights is a groundbreaking film both for director P.T. Anderson and star Mark Wahlberg.
Just another mediocre fantasy flick, but if you enjoyed the books, I'm sure you'll enjoy the film.	A fantasy adventure that fuses Greek mythology to contemporary American places and values. Anyone around 15 (give or take a couple of years) will thrill to the visual spectacle	A dull, scattershot affair that owes much to both X-Men and Greek mythology but which never seems to slow down enough to make any sense whatsoever.	Chris Columbus and his crew take a literal approach to spectacle that denies the magnificent use of weirdness and scale that famed stop-action animator Ray Harryhausen brought to such myth-inspired classics as "Jason and the Argonauts" (1963)...	What's really lacking in The Lightning Thief is a genuine sense of wonder, the same thing that brings viewers back to Hogwarts over and over again.	Though it may seem like just another Harry Potter knockoff, Percy Jackson benefits from a strong supporting cast, a speedy plot, and plenty of fun with Greek mythology.
I didn't buy it for a minute, though I did enjoy it.	Friday Night is an evocation of one woman's uncertainties, flights of fancy and elusive joys.	Friday Night is the most sensuous and intimate work of cinema of the past few years, a film that luxuriates in the immediacy of the moment.	Denis' skill lies in turning a potentially sordid tale of a one-night stand in a cheap hotel into a romantic tale of unexpected passion.	Denis imbues the simple details of a one-night stand with powerful eroticism and humane understanding.	A dreamy, visually poetic film.
It isn't so much the lightness of being that is unbearable as the gravity of its entropy.	The real stranger from another planet is Nicolas Roeg.	The Man Who Fell to Earth reminds us of the truly independent and challenging films of the 70s.	It has lost none of its ability to startle all these years later, and for that alone it deserves respect.	If you want to go into another world in which imagination leads you into recesses and crevices you haven't visited, The Man Who Fell To Earth is a fantastic guide.	Filled with stunning imagery, The Man Who Fell to Earth is a calm, meditative film that profoundly explores our culture's values and desires.
One of the most popular movies ever made.	among all that corniness, there's a great little movie	Though marred by Spielberg's usual carelessness with narrative points, the film alternates sweetness and sarcasm with enough rhetorical sophistication to be fairly irresistible.	This is Spielberg's masterpiece, a near perfect film directed with astonishing skill and unafraid to get sentimental ... without crossing the line into syrup.	Make no mistake about it: The magic of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is best appreciated on the big screen.	Playing as both an exciting sci-fi adventure and a remarkable portrait of childhood, Steven Spielberg's touching tale of a homesick alien remains a piece of movie magic for young and old.
Always slick and pumped up, Friday Night Lights is real enough around the edges to hold our attention even if it sacrifices accuracy for storytelling ease.	A hard-hitting, fast-paced, stirring film.	Friday Night Lights is like a third-down play that needs to pick up four yards but gets only two.	As you watch this film, you gradually begin to realize that it's not delivering the emotional highs of the genre, and is going to a different place entirely.	You'll leave the theater somewhat emotionally spent -- feeling like you've been tackled by a 220-pound linebacker -- but it's worth the ride. One of the best sports movies ever.	An acute survey of the football-obsessed heartland that succeeds as both a stirring drama and a rousing sports movie.
A concentration of classic filmmaking at its peak, a specimen of director Billy Wilder at the razor's edge of his brilliance.	Tears away at the curtain that keeps reality away from fiction.	This legendary tale of Hollywood glory and decay still provides a biting portrait of the Dream Factory.	Sunset Boulevard's entire point of view is based on a gimmick. Whether one considers it an "artistic cheat" or a valid and audacious device depends up his ability and desire to suspend his disbelief.	The closest thing Wilder made to a horror film (in lighting, score, and character dynamic) after The Lost Weekend.	Arguably the greatest movie about Hollywood, Billy Wilder's masterpiece Sunset Boulevard is a tremendously entertaining combination of noir, black comedy, and character study.
Emily Blunt is utterly charming in this dramatization of the young Victoria's ascension to the throne and her courtship with Prince Albert.	This may be the perfect shared entertainment for daughters just growing out of their princess phase and mothers with their own challenges balancing love and work.	Emily Blunt finally gets a chance to blossom into the star representative of her talent in this highly entertaining film.	The failure of the film is not so much a lack of historical accuracy or detail as a dearth of historical liveliness.	Plush, plodding stroll through the dowager queen's early years	Emily Blunt shines as Victoria in this romantic but plodding royal portrait.
For those who are interested in wartime truth, this film reminds us that the casualty has been somewhat reduced.	At once a clear-eyed document of the war, an inquiry into the way events become filtered into news, and a complex, surprising portrait of the personalities behind the scenes.	Lieutenant Josh Rushing emerges as a voice of reason, a moral arbiter between al-Jazeera and Fox News.	... a raw, unblinking examination of how the first draft of history is revised by those who filter it.	Modest in scope and not as well structured as it could have been, Control Room may not seem all that compelling 10 years down the road. But right now, at this very moment, it is essential, imperative viewing.	A fascinating, enlightening behind-the-scenes look at the Al Jazeera network.
Năo é um filme espetacular, como alguns dos trabalhos anteriores de Allen, mas é bastante superior a diversas bobagens produzidas por Hollywood nos últimos tempos.	Thin, clichéd comedy of crime and social climbing contains some scattered laughs and whole lot of padding.	Delivers small time laughs.	Small Time Crooks stacks up pretty favourably to Woody's cinematic debut.	A collection of twitches.	Woody Allen rises from his recent slump with Small Time Crooks. A simple, funny movie, Crooks proves Allen still has the touch that made his name synonymous with off-beat comedy.
No logic, little character development and a thin story that is supposed to be compensated for by startling effects.	A movie that shoehorns a blunt warning into its silly but entertaining story of a young radio astronomer's one-man battle against sinister extraterrestrials.	A hokey summer entertainment that is full of big machinery, satellite dishes du jour, long embarrassing close-ups and gaps in logic through which large UFOs could hurtle.	[Sheen] spends most of the movie in a kind of sweaty apoplexy that makes one worry for his health.	A good premise, hampered by a weak ending.	Stylish and inventive, The Arrival offers a surprisingly smart spin on the alien invasion genre.
As we watch, the thought keeps returning, over and over: Why watch these people? What's the point? Film anybody's trip to Italy, and it would be more interesting than this, or at least equally boring.	Coogan and Brydon are locked into a routine that reliably amuses but, perhaps, one they have mastered too well to examine their own privilege.	If it's your cup of tea, you're likely to spill it from laughing so hard. Somebody send these two on another holiday.	If it's engaging male banter you crave, it doesn't get any better than this.	Neither of the "Trip" movies is just random comedy bits; although partly improvised and deliberately episodic, they are actually carefully constructed narrative films with actors and characters.	While perhaps not quite as fresh as Coogan and Brydon's original voyage in The Trip, The Trip to Italy still proves a thoroughly agreeable sequel.
Clean and transparent, with no movie director tricks.	Difficult to watch, but it's also impossible to take your eyes off the screen.	The material is treated with such brutal honesty and the performances are so strong that it actually makes what should be stale material look fresh.	Hans Petter Moland avoids the usual movie cliches of addiction and abuse in his fierce, discomforting portraits...	No matter how much insight we eventually gain into Tom and Kaisa one must ask exactly who would want to gain insight into these people.	Though the characters are difficult to watch at times, Aberdeen burns with ferocious honesty and strong performances.
A vigorous and creative musical.	Renée Zellweger, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Richard Gere, Queen Latifah and even sad-faced ol' John C. Reilly will have you singin' and dancin' in the aisles.	The opening scene is a stunner--Catherine Zeta-Jones storming through a black alleyway in high heels. It makes you want to applaud her just for walking.	Now, that's entertainment!	Zellweger...channels no one less than Marilyn Monroe. Just watch the word `booze' drip from her lips.	A rousing and energetic adaptation of the Broadway musical, Chicago succeeds on the level pure spectacle, but provides a surprising level of depth and humor as well.
The achievement of Into Great Silence is the way it captures the slow, delicate rhythm of the Carthusian monks.	More than any film outside Bresson, this non-judgemental document allows us to feel the spirituality of the ecstatic privations guiding their journey. A Christmas gift of time and contemplation.	Viewing Into Great Silence is meant to mimic the experience of living with the monks.	Moving, impressionistic, and worth slowing down for.	Exquisitely boring.	A meditative, deliberately paced doc capable of absorbing patient viewers into a whole different world.
Basically, if you like gory, scary slasher-flicks, then this delivers in spades.	Anyone who calls him/herself a horror fan should check it out. The squeamish should walk right past this one.	Not without memorable visuals, a handful of macabre, original ideas and B-movie jumps, but after awhile, the gore and the game plan (run, chase, maim, repeat) cease to be campy and grow oppressive.	Efforts to expand the envelope of grotesquery make the film repulsive and suspenseless, and it sorely misses original director Tobe Hooper's grisly, wily sense of humor.	Completely watchable, but brings virtually nothing new to the horror/gore table.	An unnecessary remake that's more gory and less scary than the original.
It is really lovely.	Walt Disney's Cinderella is the best film yet in their "turn our animated classics into live-action blockbusters" sub-genre.	I wanna go to Disneyland! I wanna go to Disneyland right now!	"Cinderella" does not try to be transgressive, or even progressive, and unashamedly sells itself as the old-fashioned wish-fulfillment little-girl fantasy that 'Fifty Shades' tries to whip its way out of.	They aim for the heart, not the head. Darned if they don't pull it off.	Refreshingly traditional in a revisionist era, Kenneth Branagh's Cinderella proves Disney hasn't lost any of its old-fashioned magic.
A very bad film -- snide, barely competent, and overdrawn -- that enjoys a perennial popularity, perhaps because its confused moral position appeals to the secret Nietzscheans within us.	A Clockwork Orange (1971) is producer/ director/ screenwriter Stanley Kubrick's randomly ultra-violent, over-indulgent, graphic film	A Clockwork Orange is an ideological mess, a paranoid right-wing fantasy masquerading as an Orwellian warning.	Kubrick's contributions are his wit and his eye. The wit, too much at times, is as biting as in Dr. Strangelove, and the production, while of another order, is as spectacular as in 2001.	Made in 1971, based on a novel from 1962, A Clockwork Orange resonates across the years.	Disturbing and thought-provoking, A Clockwork Orange is a cold, dystopian nightmare with a very dark sense of humor.
It would be fun to be a member of the Mortmain family -- maybe the younger brother, who shows every sign of growing up to be Harry Potter.	I Capture the Castle is a well-acted and perfectly realized English drama about the crash course in emotions experienced by a sensitive and imaginative seventeen-year old girl.	The evident affection that the filmmakers bear toward Smith's novel, and toward the odd, spirited people who inhabit it, gives the film a modest, hardworking appeal.	Sweet and sleepy, I Capture the Castle might feel most comfortable in a Sunday-afternoon slot on the BBC: The humor is gentle and broad, the camerawork awkward, the landscape pastoral.	A classy adaptation of the much-loved Dodie Smith classic.	A handsome and charming adaptation of the novel.
Worthy follow up	Let's face it, times change, and Superman and friend have sweetly embraced the spirit of the '80s as well as each other.	The combination of Richard Donner's superb original casting and visual attack with Lester's wit and his ear for sound proves a pretty formidable alliance.	A definitive look at the strange, impossible love triangle of Clark Kent, Lois Lane and Superman… not perfect, but in the annals of comic-book movies it remains an indispensable touchstone.	Superman II is a lively spree brimming over with action and adventure.	The humor occasionally stumbles into slapstick territory, and the special effects are dated, but Superman II meets, if not exceeds, the standard set by its predecessor.
It maintained a tongue in cheek attitude toward all the violence and hokum, which made it comic book lite and easier to take.	Carefully tended facial stubble trimmed to give him a skull-like appearance, Lundgren is truly impressive as a character defined by emotional emptiness.	The only positive spin I can put on this movie is that if bad comic adaptations like it hadn't been done in the late 1980s and early 1990s, Marvel never would have needed to have its current, high-quality big-screen resurgence.	Destructive, reprehensible, and marvellous fun.	A terrible one-man-army action flick. The 2004 version is far more effective.	Despite the seemingly indestructible Dolph Lundgren with a crossbow, The Punisher is a boring one-man battle with never-ending action scenes.
Sandler makes nice to please the female demographic.	An enjoyable, nostalgic, and even a bit touching time at the movies.	The ending is predictable, but the two stars are appealing, especially since Sandler actually tones down his usual obnoxious shtick.	One of the sad byproducts of the dumbing-down of America is that we're now forced to witness the goofy plots of the 1930s played sincerely, as if they were really deep.	One of the nicest surprises of the year so far.	It's decidedly uneven -- and surprisingly sappy for an early Adam Sandler comedy -- but The Wedding Singer is also sweet, funny, and beguiling.
Una historia excepcionalmente narrada.	For better or worse, sometimes strictly for the sake of shock value, the stylish irreverence of "Trainspotting" mimics that drug high and delivers its own potent kick.	A few patches are subtitled, but the general effect is of watching an opera without having read the libretto.	Its four main "anti-heroes" are such unsympathetic losers that it is difficult to care whether they live or die.	Scabrous, brutal and hip, Trainspotting is a Clockwork Orange for the '90s.	A brutal, often times funny, other times terrifying portrayal of drug addiction in Edinburgh. Not for the faint of heart, but well worth viewing as a realistic and entertaining reminder of the horrors of drug use.
The Cool School is neither as lively nor as complete as it could be, but as an introduction to modern art, it's a fine freshman course.	Largely avoids sharply delineated portraits, with its focus on the scene at the expense of individuals, ultimately resulting in a documentary that doesn't rise above the functional.	Morgan Neville's quick-paced documentary The Cool School recounts the rise and fall of Ferus Gallery and the mark it made on American art.	All told, and well told, this is essential history.	No one emerges very well defined from this historical shuffle, but those who know the artists' works, or names such as Hopps and Blum, but have never heard them speak, will find The Cool School absorbing and informative.	A breezy and lively modern art documentary, revealing that LA is not a cultural wasteland when it comes to fine art.
This is no Titus ... and no Forbidden Planet either.	Normally I'd watch Helen Mirren in anything, even if she was just putting out the laundry or reading the phone book. But, given the roteness of her line readings here, it might have been better if the phone book rather than Shakespeare was her text.	Julie Taymor's The Tempest adapts Shakespeare to the screen with boldness and imagination. Bard buffs are likely to love it, despite the liberties it takes.	The Tempest is like a Shakespearean version of the 1980 Flash Gordon movie, with some zany Baz Luhrmann-esque touches thrown in. Unfortunately, it's not as good as that might make it sound.	Mirren, of course, is wonderful - in those few scenes when the CGI stops. But those rare moments are separated by tedious songs and far too many close-ups of Ariel laughing, laughing, laughing.	Director Julie Taymor's gender-swapping of roles and some frenzied special effects can't quite disguise an otherwise stagey, uninspired take on Shakespeare's classic.
Pitched with the insatiable verve of a TV game show and the vacant regret of a Grand Theft Auto videogame.	Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un vйritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood.	Although the film can be seen as a satire on everything from the Japanese education system to reality TV, ultimately its absurdism resists easy interpretation.	A vicious take-off on reality TV that turns a high-school milieu dominated by cliques and childish relationships into a war zone.	It may suit a certain worldview, but Battle Royale's cynicism is still a form fantasy-a balm as well as a bomb.	Battle Royale is a controversial and violent parable of adolescence, heightening teenage melodrama with life-or-death stakes.
There's no doubt we need more movies for grown-ups, with jokes that don't hit us over the head, but The Men Who Stare at Goats doesn't fit the bill. At best, it might hypnotize you into a stupor.	No doubt is aiming for a Catch-22 or Dr. Strangelove. . .it feels more like the Mel Gibson/Robert Downey Jr. vehicle Air America.	The picture soon runs literally and figuratively into the sands and can't dig itself out.	Heslov's deadpan handling of the movie's strange-but-true vibe, coupled with Clooney's full-tilt devotion to his outlandish character, smooths over the rougher patches of Peter Straughan's quirky screenplay.	Parental Content Review	Though The Men Who Stare at Goats is a mostly entertaining, farcical glimpse of men at war, some may find its satire and dark humor less than edgy.
A touching, realistic, heartwarming drama based on a struggle to unionize janitors in L.A.	Loach ... has made his most appealing and involving movie to date with the touching, naturalistic Bread and Roses.	Bread and Roses is not just a well-acted and moving drama about the plight of a group of Latino janitors; it's also a wake-up call to get our collective head out of the sand.	There's every reason to watch Bread and Roses	Loach distills transformative drama and subtle interpersonal revelations that rival the most elaborate epic productions.	Bread and Roses has powerful moments, but it also sometimes descends into preachiness.
Amusing and likeable, but scarcely memorable.	made for kids with more bee puns than Carrot Top and Kenny Bania could ever imagine	Has there ever been an uglier animated feature? The eerie, fever-dream-like faux three-dimensionality, the cyborg-like humanoids, the septic, etiolated colors.	Jerry Seinfeld's comic sensibility enlivens this tale of a bee who wants to fly by the seat of his pants.	All in all, Bee Movie's large team of writers and directors scrape together enough for kids to enjoy, but kids these days have come to expect more than just "enough" from their animated movies.	Bee Movie has humorous moments, but its awkward premise and tame delivery render it mostly forgettable.
Most movies in the talking-dog genre -- yes, unfortunately, there are enough of them to be a genre -- feature dogs doing stand-up shtick. But the pooches in Beverly Hill Chihuahua have character, and so does the movie.	While CGI works its ventriloquism on the doggy mandibles, it neglects the human contingent, who are left to fend for themselves amid the manipulated menagerie.	Beverly Hills Chihuahua is by no means a good movie, but as plain-old bad ones go, it's as generic and inoffensive as they come.	An appealing film for dog lovers and those seeking escapist entertainment.	Sublimely silly and oddly poignant, Beverly Hills Chihuahua -- that's right, the one with the talking canines -- is Lady and the Tramp for lap dogs, Roots for pooches, Legally Blonde told from Bruiser's point of view.	Despite hitting some sweet notes, Beverly Hills Chihuahua is little more than disposable family entertainment.
Paul Verhoeven's exceedingly violent, surprisingly pointless invisible-man tale nearly warrants a trotting-out of the Union-Tribune's dreaded 'dog' designation.	It's your standard-issue summer moron-o-rama.	Ultimately the title is most revealing. It's hollow, man.	Verhoeven simply makes a mess of it.	Paul Verhoeven has in Hollow Man come up with a movie empty of purpose.	Despite awesome special effects, Hollow Man falls short of other films directed by Paul Verhoeven. This flick over time degenerates into a typical horror film.
An engaging film, but it's a documentary and nothing more.	Sometimes a documentary is only as good as the interviews the filmmaker gets. ... [and] those who could provide insight to Hearst's ordeal are either dead or not talking.	Guerrilla is so dull that it almost makes you wonder what was all the fuss about the Symbionese Liberation Army.	A flawed yet still worthwhile record of a turbulent and divisive period in recent American history.	A stunningly bizarre, stranger-than-fiction tale of the stumbling of a revolution and the semi-automatic transformation of a princess.	Guerilla is a riveting documentary that chronicles in enlightening fashion the 1974 kidnapping of heiress Patty Hearst.
The new film will ambush the unwary, appal the squeamish and get unwanted attention from the prurient. But it has a signature, a wit and a kind of grim strength.	Director György Pálfi is a talent to watch with your fingers over your eyes, but he's also a proper filmmaker, fascinated by his characters' hereditary fetishes and finding consistently clever ways to surprise us with his camera.	Bizarre, disturbing, with gaggles of unwatchable elements	if the imagery is always grotesque, and if the characters are always reduced to their basest drives, Pálfi presents his carnivalesque concerns in an artfully aestheticised package that belies the ugliness within.	[P]ulls out all the stops in a vicious attack on the senses that leaves no ugly truth about mankind unsaid -- nor unseen. It is a tribute to Palfi's talents that the film is also compulsively watchable.	Surreal and visually striking, Taxidermia is, at times, graphic and difficult to watch, but creatively touches on disturbing subjects with imagination and wit.
An undercooked, overdone raunchy comedy.	Despite its flaws, it really is a funny, witty, and suprisingly charming slob comedy	It made me laugh. Out loud, a lot, and wildly, and I'm not ashamed to admit it.	Luis Guzman is especially funny as a sex-crazed head cook obsessed with a staff game that becomes a centerpiece of the film's humor.	McKittrick neglects to realize that his target audience (males, ages 18-25) presumably aren't interested in seeing or hearing about the male genitalia at any time...	Waiting... is a gross-out comedy that is more gross than comic.
Mr. Estevez is both writer and director of this film, and also turns up in a small role, but he gives the spotlight to his father, who makes quite a lot out of a low-key story that could easily have degenerated into mush.	It's something of a relief that, even at 70, Sheen remains a commanding presence who holds our attention throughout every stage of his seemingly endless trek.	Sheen internalises his character's anguish and we see sadness welling up in Tom's eyes, underscored with occasional moments of humour.	A pretty long slog...while it clearly comes from the heart, it doesn't touch it very deeply.	one of the more joyous movies of the year	It may be a little too deliberately paced for more impatient viewers, but The Way is a worthy effort from writer/director Emilio Estevez, balancing heartfelt emotion with clear-eyed drama that resists cheap sentiment.
If you can surrender to the pace, it's more deeply satisfying than your usual summer fare.	It takes us to a world we've never seen, to tell us a story both entirely foreign and completely familiar.	Absorbing for what it reveals about the culture of the Inuit, as well as the practical aspects of their everyday life in the Canadian Arctic.	A gorgeous, engrossing, utterly alien and fresh movie that has the human truth and impact of classic Greek myth and the overwhelming beauty and mastery of the greatest epic films.	Canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people.	Compelling human drama and stunning cinematography make The Fast Runner an absorbing experience.
Fritz Lang's M is one of the great philosophical films, primarily because its anger and message are not bogged down in pretentious overtones with crush the story of the film, rendering it almost unwatchable a second time.	M is the most dynamic profile of a serial killer in film.	Peter Lorre's finest performance, and a truly significant socially-themed film.	...a touchstone, one of those classics that infects the popular imagination to the point that it's really not necessary for most people to have actually seen it to recognize its signal moments ...	Few films are gripping and effective 82 years after their original release, but this one surely is.	A landmark psychological thriller with arresting images, deep thoughts on modern society, and Peter Lorre in his finest performance.
A mesmerizing and deeply disturbing film from Spain.	We emerge worn but wiser, having stepped, if only momentarily, and secondarily, into the shoes of the brutalized.	The film won a sack of Goya Awards in 2004.	This small, somber drama says things to battered women they probably already know. What it says to their abusers -- of any country or culture -- they can't afford to ignore.	If Take My Eyes explored how a woman could still feel for a man who abused her, it might have gripped us with its difficult truths.	Graced with effective performances, Take My Eyes compellingly explores the subject of domestic abuse while avoiding simplistic characterizations.
Hicks deserves a truly great documentary, but for now this one will do.	Recounts a bright-burning life while leaving us mostly in the dark.	A little too in love with its subject, but a treat for fans.	It's greatness as a documentary is debatable, but as a eulogy, it's damn near unparalleled.	Rather than simply panning around within still photos, [the filmmakers] have taken images apart by computer and composited them, even moving bits around. ... It's a weird way to recreate missing events, but it's not as dishonest as it sounds.	A treasure trove of archival material and interviews, American: The Bill Hicks Story is an exuberant celebration about a unique, sorely missed voice in comedy.
A lot funnier than you remember it, Carol Reed's immortal 1949 film noir seems to exist in the space between two worlds: an earlier time when thrillers were mostly serious affairs, and a future one, when such supremely witty entertainments felt passé.	One of the ten best films ever made.	Noir classic has great thrills, smart style.	Reed rises to the challenge of Graham Greene's screenplay.	Directors like Reed and Wilder created an environment of spatial and moral confusion in which their pulpy narratives could take on the ethical weight of a Biblical proverb.	This atmospheric thriller is one of the undisputed masterpieces of cinema, and boasts iconic performances from Joseph Cotten and Orson Welles.
A tedium torture test produced with little money and less comic know-how.	An extremely silly but effective enough romp for family auds.	If the theater's air-conditioning is working and it's hot outside, spending some time with English isn't a bad idea.	There weren't enough good laughs for me to recommend it to anyone other than the most devoted Beanheads.	Johnny English doesn't work as a spoof of the spy genre, and moreover, as you watch Atkinson at work, you begin to notice how easy this is for him -- too easy, in fact.	A tame spy spoof that elicits infrequent chuckles.
The Grudge, a slump-in-your-seat, would-be thriller, is a shockless shocker.	The archetypal haunted house story might be more effective as a campfire story which takes ten minutes to tell...as a 90-minute movie, it's a crushing bore.	Unfortunately, The Grudge may leave you longing for the solid dramatic structure of Freddy vs. Jason.	Bottom line, The Grudge would have been ruined in the hands of a typical Hollywood American director.	A haunted house that leaves you feeling less than spooked and more than a little ripped off.... It's Ghost Story 101.	There's some creepy imagery to be found, but not much in the way of logic or truly jarring scares.
The Bureau's dictat is certainly a blow to the notion, held by a few lunatics, that there's nothing more important in life than being happy. Apparently it's more important to be ambitious and attain some sort of status.	Extentialist questions about predestination and free will permeate this plodding sci-fi thriller about celestial messengers intervening on mortals' search for soul mates.	An elegant fantasy, only slightly marred by rather too much science-fiction explanation.	Nolfi began his career as a writer, which perhaps explains why he tries to keep the action character-driven: the sweet chemistry between Damon and Blunt does at least make their romantic, potentially existence-threatening bond credible.	The fact that The Adjustment Bureau asks deeper questions is admirable, and it does so about an onscreen couple actually worth caring about.	First-time writer/director George Nolfi struggles to maintain a consistent tone, but The Adjustment Bureau rises on the strong, believable chemistry of its stars.
RR and QT do an excellent job of simulating the content of grindhouse offerings, but they don't simulate the experience or the giddy kick.	The trailers for grindhouse movies were always better than the films themselves. Sadly, the same is true of Grindhouse.	Grindhouse is more fun than an army of toxic zombies, or a shapely severed leg hitting the highway with a thump.	Rodriguez understood the project the better of the two directors and made the more appropriate of the two films. Tarantino appears to have gotten into making his film and then forgot what he was supposed to be doing.	It is crazy, pulpy fun -- some parts of it more than others -- but it has some of the flaws that dog each director's movies and, at 191 minutes, it gives audiences a bit too much of their money's worth.	Grindhouse delivers exhilarating exploitation fare with wit and panache, improving upon its source material with feral intelligence.
Evincing a style that might best be described as deliciously retarded, it's sort of like discovering that an old friend has placed you on a spam mailing list.	The story introduces clever twists throughout that make no sense and the ludicrous ending leaves viewers with a collective shrug.	The only problem is that there just isn't enough sex. Oh, there's plenty of Halle Berry... but there isn't enough Halle Berry, if you get my drift.	Its shiny plastic glamour serves to endorse the very phoniness it ought to be warning us about.	Deep, man.	Despite the presence of Halle Berry and Bruce Willis, Perfect Stranger is too convoluted to work, and features a twist ending that's irritating and superfluous. It's a techno-thriller without thrills.
Chadwick and Morgan have cooked up a potboiler, the sort of thing that might have been fun to watch with Bette Davis and Joan Crawford as the Boleyn sisters, while Charles Laughton lasciviously eyed the backs of their necks as Henry.	A genteel soap opera in which the sex and intrigue are so muted, so tasteful, that they practically blow off the screen in a scattering of dust.	If you thought Elizabeth: The Golden Age was over the top, just wait until you get a load of how her mother is portrayed in this risible soap opera.	A mild disaster.	Dreary	Though it features some extravagant and entertaining moments, The Other Boleyn Girl feels more like a soap opera than historical drama.
The emphasis on the human element makes this a real feel-good movie.	A powerful, soulful and touching evocation of family values, the American spirit, believing in yourself, not surrendering to age and living your dream.	Doesn't quite rise to the level of the Ruth, Gherig and Aaron of baseball dramas - "The Pride of the Yankees," "The Natural" and "Field of Dreams" - but it comes mighty close.	A sports film with feel-happy appeal for all, regardless of age or interest.	Perfect family entertainment.	A heart-warming sports flick, The Rookie greatly benefits from understated direction and the emotional honesty Dennis Quaid brings to the role of Jim Morris.
All jokes and plot points are telegraphed. You couldn't miss the clues even if your head was in the sink.	Fun, sassy, and the only mainstream Hollywood comedy you'll ever see that features Maya Angelou quoted throughout.	A bit too relaxed for its own good.	The camera observes big-bootied women, a fine guy who might be gay and Alicia Silverstone's terminally white dancing, but it doesn't exactly count as observational humor.	The film's genial, blow-dry attitude keeps things from going astray.	Despite a strong performance by Queen Latifah, Beauty Shop is in need of some style pointers.
This might go down as the year that science-fiction cinema, despite the deafening crash and clangor of sparring robots, began to rediscover its brains, heart and soul.	The "wow" factor in Neill Blomkamp's District 9 is huge, so much so that it would be easy to overlook what a soulful, tragically heroic story it is.	Despite its shortcomings, District 9 is an engaging sci-fi romp that features solid CGI work.	District 9's City of God meets War of the Worlds hybrid proves overbearing and under-convincing.	Who knew that a movie that begins like an Apartheid spin on Brazilian ghetto drama City Of God, then mutates into The Fly, would wind up pushing some emotional buttons in a way reminiscent of ET?	Technically brilliant and emotionally wrenching, District 9 has action, imagination, and all the elements of a thoroughly entertaining science-fiction classic.
If giggling hillbillies fuel your nightmares, then there's a chance you'll be rendered sleepless by this inept, wannabe horror flick.	Sheer, unadulterated nastiness with no apologies.	Slasher fans, take a whack at "Wrong Turn."	While this movie doesn't have the warped sensibilities of 1977's similarly plotted The Hills Have Eyes, it has decent performances and genuine suspense.	The flick grew on me after I initially disliked it ... and that's something not many horror films can do.	An unremarkable slasher flick that fails to distinguished itself from others of its ilk.
It's good to see Depp back to form. Shame about the movie he's in, though.	On paper, the new gangster drama Black Mass has much going for it. Most notably, a remarkable true story, and the long-awaited return of Johnny Depp to 'serious' acting. On screen, however, Black Mass doesn't go anywhere much.	How much longer must we subscribe, as moviegoers, to the sentimental brotherhood of violence?	An involving look at a bizarre piece of criminal history. Also, a very welcome return to form for Johnny Depp.	Electrifying, mesmerizing, and filled with tour de force performances... instantly the best film of the year so far.	Black Mass spins a gripping yarn out of its fact-based story -- and leaves audiences with one of Johnny Depp's most compelling performances in years.
While the plot is well-worn and somewhat clumsily put together, the fine performance of Shannon as the main character powers the movie along pretty well until the film stumbles to its predictable conclusion.	We gotta give Shannon credit for staying in fine schoolgirl form for Superstar's 90 minutes or so of teen silliness.	Weighing in at 82 minutes, it's nothing more than a one-joke SNL skit stretched into a full-length motion picture.	Here is a portrait of a character so sad and hapless, so hard to like, so impossible to empathize with, that watching it feels like an act of unkindness.	Delivers plenty of laughs and succeeds on a level that recent SNL movies didn't.	Dumb script and flat jokes made this another SNL misfire.
While About Schmidt features Jack Nicholson's most impressively controlled performance in many years, the film's mix of bleakness and cheap laughs has to be seen as a disappointment after the sharp satire and moral complexity of Election.	Tale of Midwestern late-life angst is a triumph for star Jack Nicholson -- but a step back for co-writer/director Alexander Payne.	Nicholson, emphatically off autopilot and acting entirely without vanity, perfectly captures Schmidt's fear, loneliness and fervent hope that his life is worth more than he's come to assume.	Takes a person's life, with normal, big, personal tragedies or stressors, and makes them feel as huge and unmanageable as they really are.	Some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker.	In this funny, touching character study, Nicholson gives one of the best performances of his career.
A deeply spiritual film exploring the ties that bind a heart transplant patient, a grieving mother, and a born-again ex-con on a journey of guilt, pain, and redemption.	The story never grabbed me, and the jumps in narrative time seemed arbitrary, soon becoming a distressing obstacle rather than a narrative lynchpin. Not as good as it wants to be.	Tough, smart, relentless, provocative and, above all, serious.	Despite the soap-opera plot and off-putting style, '21 Grams' is, at times, an extraordinarily moving film...	Whether you regard 21 Grams as an audacious work of art or a maddening exercise in cinematic pretension, one thing is certain: you won't forget it.	Alejandro Gonzבlez Iסבrritu deftly weaves an uncommonly structured narrative with panache in 21 Grams, a stylish, haunting drama full of fine performances.
The only real mystery about this nineteenth-century Exorcist is what could have possessed Donald Sutherland and Sissy Spacek to agree to star in it.	[F]rightfully dull...	History comes alive in a tale about the only American certified to have died because of a ghost.	Writer-director Courtney Solomon manages to cast a modern spin on the story, but it is one that could be regarded as the least imaginative explanation possible.	A collection of cheap jump-scares and tacky clichéd imagery that we've seen a million times before.	Well, it looks good. But wasn't it supposed to be scary?
The faux mythology may be cheesy, the grandiose plot stretched thin and full of holes, but underneath the recycled story and style is a hint of something troubling and real.	The familiar ideas are refreshed by the intriguing shift in culture and setting and the characters sketched in shades of gray.	A convoluted FX smear	The punchy, nonstop visual effects crowd out coherent storytelling.	The preponderance of elaborate mumbo jumbo becomes an unbearable drag.	This Russian horror/fantasy film pits darkness and light against each other using snazzy CGI visuals to create an extraordinary atmosphere of a dank, gloomy city wrestling with dread.
Steering well clear of schmaltz, the movie is carried by Hansard's stirring soundtrack, wonderfully naturalistic performances and a storyline that never veers into whimsy.	mia idiaiteri kinimatografiki empeiria, esto kai san kolaz, apo mia seira binteoklip me toys idioys, agapimenoys soy protagonistes	A portrait of an intimate musical friendship that becomes a safe harbor for two ships passing in the night.	Once is a winning and engaging portrait of two people's powerful connection through music.	Everything about Once feels unforced and natural.	A charming, captivating tale of love and music, Once sets the standard for the modern musical. And with Dublin as its backdrop, Once is fun and fresh.
hilarious, a classic	Amusing Chase vehicle on its way to being a Xmas perennial.	The new film does little more than reintroduce these familiar characters (with new actors playing the children, who would otherwise be college age by now) and let them get on one another's nerves in earnest.	Haven't watched it in awhile, but I remember it well and I remember enjoying it. One of the better Vacation movies (Vegas Vacation is still the best, though).	John Hughes wrote the screenplay for this silly, warm little guilty pleasure that nails most of the trials and tribulations of spending the holidays with family.	While Christmas Vacation may not be the most disciplined comedy, it's got enough laughs and good cheer to make for a solid seasonal treat.
It's good art direction in search of an idea.	Cronenberg throws so much blood and guts into this film that at times I felt like I was watching the Surgery Channel on a TV placed in a tank full of bait.	Cronenberg needs more than ideas for his next film, he needs a good script and actors who are more suited for their roles.	A fine exercise of a film, but hardly a riveting piece of cinematic art.	eXistenZ, the newest film under Cronenberg's name, is one of the more calm and least-daring of his movies. It's also one of the best.	Gooey, slimy, grotesque fun.
You thought, like I once did when I was too young and punk rock to care, that the Beatles were irrelevant old people who should just go away. This will convince you they were cool.	A Hard Day's Night is a chance to experience to the joyous, early days of pop - while at the same time noting how the pressures of re-energising national life were beginning to close in on the enchanting innocence of youth.	We loved them -- yeah, yeah, yeah. Now we can love them all over again.	To watch the final concert segment is to look back decades and realize, as you do seeing vintage footage of Duke Ellington or Frank Sinatra or John Coltrane, that it's never really gotten any better.	One of the great life-affirming landmarks of the movies.	A Hard Day's Night, despite its age, is still a delight to watch and has proven itself to be a rock-and-roll movie classic.
Balances gritty naturalism and compelling drama.	A glimpse into passing lives that achieves warmth and significance through artful and unpretentious understatement.	Pawlikowski cannot seem to decide whether he's making a love story or a drama about refugees; in any case, he doesn't succeed on either score.	A tragic but quite educational tour of the Western countries' refugee process.	Effortlessly burrows beneath the surface of quietly desperate lives and finds the humanity within.	Critics are raving about Last Resort, saying it's a convincing, touching tale. Particularly impressive is the lack of script during the film's shoot.
There's an anarchic energy to this movie and a commitment to reality-based foolishness that wins you over.	A spy movie-blaxploitation picture spoof that repeats itself so often, and hits its targets so erratically, you'd swear it was adapted from a Saturday Night Live skit.	There are a lot of laughs to be found in this film.	Austin Powers is going to have to muster up every ounce of mojo he's got to out-funny this soul brother spy spoof.	We want the funk - and this movie's got it.	Fast-paced and filled with racial gags, Undercover Brother serves up plenty of laughs and sharp satire.
McCarthy has the incredible gift of developing seemingly simple characters into the most wonderful, complex beings that we rarely see on screen.	Enjoyably pitched on life's fork in the road between comedy and drama, the easy way and the hard way.	A really well made dramedy that benefits from a funny and touching script by McCarthy and one of the best ensemble casts of the year.	A charming film, but loses focus when it strains to retain insight, artificially bottoming out the characters so their final reel reunion will mean something.	Everything about McCarthy's film feels easygoing and economical. His scripting is sharp and laugh-out-loud funny, with relationships and family dynamics establilshed quickly in an unfussy fashion.	Rich, wonderful characters and strong performances populate Win Win, with writer/director Thomas McCarthy continuing to emerge as a great American humanist.
In addition to one-dimensional characters, the plot is unconvincing, with contrivance heaped upon contrivance.	Takes forever to get anywhere and the ridiculous ending doesn't make it worth the journey.	Comes off like TV-movie sensationalism, sidetracked by distracting backstories and hard-to-swallow plot twists.	A routine crime melodrama with art-house message-movie pretensions.	If only the whole matched the power and potency of the details. Masquerades as a searing exposé, but turns out to be a lurid and overwrought account.	With an exploitative style that seems more suited for TV shows like CSI, Trade's message about the reality of child exploitation is easily lost.
As sullen and unlikable as Hlynur would be in real life, it's a credit to Gudnason that we can give half a damn what becomes of him.	Finely acted and shot with a beautiful, understated cinematic sweep ... 101 Reykjavík is a poignant, endearingly offbeat work.	...there is more intelligence and humor in this 93-minute diamond-in-the-rough than in 10 American coming-of-age flicks.	The director wisely resists the temptation to treat slackerdom as just a blase counterpoint to the craziness of the world.	As a tour through the messy lifestyles of the young and the wasted in Europe's most remote yet hippest capital, it's entertaining and often hilarious.	A funny, offbeat romantic comedy about an unlikely tryst with the beautiful Icelandic landscape as a backdrop.
Although there were some good moments in the film, mostly due to Philip Seymour Hoffman, "Cold Mountain" never rises above the average.	It may be Oscar bait, but if so, it's the weirdest Oscar bait in many moons.	A stunning drama.	The year's most rapturous love story.	Minghella is well served by his cast. Both principals are convincing, if neither rises quite to the heights of genuine tragedy.	The well-crafted Cold Mountain has an epic sweep and captures the horror and brutal hardship of war.
Toback's approach to Tyson pulls no punches. It is extraordinarily revealing.	Tyson is presented via multiple split screen, with relentlessly frank and rhythmic sentences overlapping one another. The effect is mesmerising.	Just relentless lisping monotonous speech that makes the prospect of entering the ring with Mike seem attractive if only because it will be over sooner.	Tyson is terrifically compelling and, more than that, unexpectedly moving.	Tyson won't shatter all your preconceptions, but if you don't at least question them, you haven't been paying attention.	A fascinating, emotional, and frank confessional from Iron Mike that sheds a sympathetic light on one of boxing's most controversial icons.
The clumsily loaded characterisation not only treats almost every other figure as dispensable, but doesn't even bother to make Meg and Tom properly sympathetic.	Even if you already live on the Upper West Side, you might feel the urge to move there before the film is over.	You've Got Mail distills the essence of Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks. It's a cute, funny, nice and ever-so-appealing romantic comedy.	a romantic comedy in the long tradition of Hollywood romantic comedies	Drenched in schmaltz and oozing with saccharine sweetness, Hanks and Ryan squeeze every last drop of cornball sentimentality out of the script, but -- despite all the puff about their on-screen chemistry -- fail to ignite many sparks.	Great chemistry between the leads made this a warm and charming delight.
While it's fun to see Raimi goofing around with horror again, it's nothing to get overly excited about.	Raimi's return to Evil Dead territory is proof that, respectability be damned, he can still whip up a slapstick splatterfest -- albeit a PG-13 one -- when the mood strikes.	Hell seems like a less stressful environment compared to some of the stuff on screen.	It could do with some more insanity. That's usually the only time it really feels alive. As it is only about half of Drag Me to Hell really hits that levels, but that's a lot more than we normally get.	Drag Me To Hell is quick and lowdown-delightful. It's also a graveyard or two up in class from the torture films that, in recent years, have redefined horror for the worse.	Sam Raimi returns to top form with Drag Me to Hell, a frightening, hilarious, delightfully campy thrill ride.
It's a rich portrait of a church in transition.	While The Gospel's faith-laced dialogue might annoy non-Christians, the plot mostly explores themes of a universal nature. Recommended to members of any faith for the stirring, onscreen performance of Grammy-winner Yolanda Adams.	Nothing more or less than a secular retelling of the Biblical parable of the prodigal son.	. . .the movie never reaches the promised land.	Endeavors to be a powerful tale of faith and forgiveness, but in the end fails to capture even the slightest essence of spirituality and religious belief, or to provide any real insight into its characters' conflicts, desires and motivations.	While it features outstanding musical numbers, The Gospel reduces a series of worthy themes -- faith, family, forgiveness -- to soapy, banal clichés.
Storytelling at its most poetically cinematic.	A funny, sad and absolutely lovely film.	Its well-earned humanistic frissons should serve as a wake-up call for the great majority of American movies, with their inexhaustible supply of smugness and complacency.	A fine, gentle film love story and a cinematic tribute to the power and manifold benefits of communications between different cultures and nations.	[A] big, beautifully photographed and somewhat mushy film.	This delicately told fable about the power of literature is a lyrical delight.
Nothing about Marshall's grab bag has much to do with anything else...it may be aimless and arbitrary, but at least it's mostly fun.	Imagine the first serious competition to the Deutsche dummkopf Uwe Boll as "worst director" working today, thanks to this mad and maddening mash-up genre picture.	It feels at times that the only thing that hasn't been appropriated is the Filthiest Toilet in Scotland from "Trainspotting," though it is filled with the decidedly unpleasant substance found on, near and in said receptacle	Doomsday might seem novel - if you've never seen "The Road Warrior," "Aliens," "Escape from New York" or any other post-apocalyptic flick before.	Totally earnest but in complete awe of its predecessors.	Doomsday is a pale imitation of previous futuristic thrillers, minus the cohesive narrative and charismatic leads.
Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson.	Kidd's script is rich in smart lines that have stingers in their tails.	There's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger. But what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script.	Sitting in the dark while people droan on and on about pretty much anything gets boring after a while.	What sounds on the surface like another generic sex comedy is actually a bitingly funny character study.	The movie could have benefited from a more experienced director, but a great cast and script overcome any first time jitters the director may have had.
"Last Days in Vietnam" will be broadcast in April on the long-running PBS series "American Experience." But it holds up on a bigger screen and deserves a large audience earlier than that.	Totally unbalanced film. The North Vietnamese army becomes the symbol of invading barbarians when as Walt Kelly put it, "We have met the enemy, and he is us."	Powerful and terrifying.	Splendid period footage and relatively little politics.	Although Kennedy follows the standard documentary format of archival footage and stills edited with current day interviews, she has constructed her telling of the story so expertly that her work is both moving and riveting.	As gripping as it is inspiring, Last Days in Vietnam offers a surprisingly fresh -- and heart-wrenching -- perspective on the end of the Vietnam War.
Much like the experts drawn to Landis' paintings, Art and Craft effectively invites viewers to question the honesty of what's been placed inside the frame.	Mr. Landis, who lives in Laurel, Miss., and has operated under several pseudonyms, is the enigmatic core of a movie that becomes pedestrian only when the focus switches to a one-man crusade to expose him.	Fascinatingly complex and endlessly entertaining documentary... a film which, by measures, both intrigues and tickles you.	"Nothing's original under the sun," muses Mark Landis in the consistently compelling documentary "Art and Craft." But he seems to be discounting himself.	Deeply eccentric subject makes for an engaging art-doc.	The spotlight it shines on an apparently troubled mind may strike some viewers as exploitative, but Art and Craft remains a thoroughly gripping glimpse into the life of a legendary art forger.
An existentialist serial killer film that plays like what Cohen's God Told Me To might look like were it written and directed by "Beat" Takeshi.	Complex film with many things going on at once.	Too shallow to enthrall, and it lacks the visceral energy to sustain itself as a genre piece.	A movie to get lost in.	A creepy, enigmatic bit of psychological terror that by its final ambiguous scene leaves you truly chilled.	Mesmerizing and psychologically intriguing.
While The Express has too many bits and pieces of other sports movies in its mix to stand out, it does break the template in the last act.	a crowd-pleasing civil rights drama made all the more potent because it wraps its uplifting story in the trappings of a sports movie.	The Express delivers visceral gridiron energy. Fleder and his crew capture the moments so many athletes refer to as 'being in the zone.'	The screenplay is stewed in such pieties, served up as warm and homely as apple pie - only there's no taste to it.	The movie might be a bit more interesting if Davis had more to him than simply graceful gumption and victimhood, and if the spaces around him could be filled with something.	This inspirational sports biopic set in the the civil rights era is interesting even for non-football fans, and features a great performance by Dennis Quaid as tough-but-fair football coach.
The big budget can't conceal the fact that this fiction is fallow, more rootbound than spellbound.	Willow is medieval mishmash from George Lucas, a sort of 10th-century Star Wars tossed together with a plethora of elements taken from numerous classic fables.	Though children will mostly be enthralled by the spectacles, even they might notice the weak story protruding through the industrial magic.	Nice fantasy adventure, looking pretty dated now, but ably helmed by Ron Howard.	Grand escapism	Good production value and decent special effects, but the story is too insipid and slowly paced.
unfulfilling	Is Alice In Wonderland worth seeing? Yes, because it's a feast for the eyes. But the story needed to be more imaginative and involving for this to become a massive hit, and it's far from obvious whether it's aimed at children or adults.	21st Century Alice matures and enters The Matrix!	Alice plays better as an adult hallucination, which is how Burton rather brilliantly interprets it until a pointless third act flies off the rails.	An explosion in the crazy factory, the giddy Alice in Wonderland more than justifies its hype.	Tim Burton's Alice sacrifices the book's minimal narrative coherence -- and much of its heart -- but it's an undeniable visual treat.
For me, M*A*S*H contains as much depression as humor.	Remains as sharp and fresh and relevant as it was on the day of its initial release.	I can only be grateful to whomever was the brilliant producer who saw the potential for one of the best-loved series within this mess of dullness and mean-spirited randomness.	Altman's black comedy perfectly expressed the anarchic, rebellious spirit of the 1970s with its blistering anti-war message and contempt for authority.	Rollicking, biting, satirical classic is so 1970.	Bold, timely, subversive, and above all funny, M*A*S*H remains a high point in Robert Altman's distinguished filmography.
"Berberian" fascinatingly lays bare the meticulous complexity of audio dubbing in the analog era.	While it's a loving homage to movies like Dario Argento's Suspiria and is crafted with tons of style, it leaves out one key ingredient: being even remotely scary.	"Berberian Sound Studio" may be the finest tribute to the old-school cinematic craftsmanship of the sound mixer and Foley artist I've ever encountered.	A treat for fans of vintage horror cinema (in particular, the experimental giallo genre) and vintage sound gear, this stylish, darkly humorous thriller locks us in a claustrophobic studio in 1970s Italy for a paranoia ride.	Nothing much happens and when it does (possibly in Gilderoy's head) it's completely bemusing.	Its reach may exceed its grasp, but with Berberian Sound Studio, director Peter Strickland assembles a suitably twisted, creepy tribute to the Italian Giallo horror movies of the '70s that benefits from a strong central performance by Toby Jones.
It's not even value for money if you're a moron.	Disaster Movie is lazily written, insulting rubbish and it's unquestionably one of the worst films of the year. Avoid like your life depended on it.	Can't somebody make Friedberg and Seltzer stop?	Surely even bovine American teenagers have to realise their intelligence is being insulted sooner or later.	No one spoofed in the film -- yes, including Jessica Simpson -- is more worthy of derision than the people responsible for making it.	Returning to their seemingly bottomless well of flatulence humor, racial stereotypes, and stale pop culture gags, Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer have produced what is arguably their worst Movie yet.
A cynical cinematic masterpiece.	Dark, haunting and poetic	Stylish, violent, and often dull Batman adventure.	Despite a handful of good minor performances -- Michael Gough is the definitive Alfred -- and despite some striking bits of music from Prince, it really has nothing of its own to offer.	There are a lot of things wrong with Batman, but it still makes for decent entertainment in the fine tradition of the typical low-intelligence summer movie.	An eerie, haunting spectacle, Batman succeeds as dark entertainment, even if Jack Nicholson's Joker too often overshadows the title character.
The cast is entirely up to the comic hysteria Mazursky requires of them, though Mike the dog steals whatever scene he is in.	Richard Dreyfuss in top form.	Let me just say that Down and Out in Beverly Hills made me laugh longer and louder than any film I've seen in a long time.	On the basically farcical level where it chooses to stay, it is a funny and likable movie.	Filled with hilarious incidents and clever one-liners.	An enjoyable farce that relocates Jean Renoir's Boudu Saved From Drowning to '80s California, offering fine comedic performances from Nick Nolte, Richard Dreyfuss and Bette Midler.
Fails to find the relevancy it desires and the momentum it needs, all the while unleashing a series of hoary teen thriller clichés and cheap throwaway jump scares.	The idea is better than the execution, unfortunately, although director Jim Sonzero does create a few extremely eerie moments.	Ideally a horror movie will make your heart race, but as it turns out, Pulse barely has one.	A dumbed-down remake of Kiyoshi Kurosawa's disturbingly abstract Japanese horror film.	Decent horror remake with a strong cast, atmospheric direction and some genuinely scary scenes - you'll never log on to your computer again. Probably.	Another stale American remake of a successful Japanese horror film, Pulse bypasses the emotional substance of the original and overcompensates with pumped-up visuals and every known horror cliche.
The stick-figure people in the script haven't the slightest chance of making an impression.	Perfect Storm is thrilling but can't match the terror of the book.	The starring role is usurped by the stunning weather effects.	The movie itself is like a raging storm: impossible to ignore while it's happening but easy to forget when the weather has died down.	Soggy, cardboard-thin clichés	While the special effects are well done and quite impressive, this film suffers from any actual drama or characterization. The end result is a film that offers nifty eye-candy and nothing else.
The problem is that both the plot and the characters are so thin that it's hard to care about anything that's happening on screen.	There are some scary moments in this film, but basically they're because (1) it reminds you so much of almost every other horror movie you've ever seen and (2) they fill the soundtrack with unsettling and loud noises that would make anyone jump.	While it took three screenwriters to come up with Darkness Falls' countless variations on 'Stay out of the dark!,' many more may have been necessary to provide an interesting plot or developed character.	About as scary as a ride on a minor roller coaster, it unrolls its amplified butcher-block shock effects within the first five minutes.	There are a few cheap scares, but overall the film is, well, toothless.	A derivative movie where the scares are few and things don't make much sense.
This one appears to simply be scenes set in a rural Thai hospital that were strung together at random.	Its rhymes and echoes make its folds endlessly fascinating.	It's absolutely mesmerizing.	You have to abandon any preconceived notions about movies and allow your mind to be seduced by the mystifying, occasionally humorous world of a one-of-a-kind filmmaker. You might even find yourself becoming a fan.	Don't watch it for plot, or character development; revel instead in its evocation of warm, wistful moods, its sly sense of humour and its fierce commitment to creating a mystical cinema far from the orthodoxies of both independent and mainstream cinema.	Despite having little in the way of narrative, Apichatpong Weerasethakul's Syndromes is a poignant and mesmerizing memoir.
Greatest Game is a studied, thoroughly entertaining sports drama that defies all expectations, returning the honor to the game of golf, and the thrill back into movies.	The final results won't surprise anyone who's seen a movie before (Disney produced, after all), but there's a lot to be said for the delivery.	It's the Fast and the Furious version of golf.	Working on a far larger scale, Paxton's second directing effort is as crowd-pleasing and broad as his debut, Frailty, was gothic and disturbing.	...as doofy, mawkish and unsubtle as the title makes it sound.	Despite all the underdog sports movie conventions, the likable cast and lush production values make The Greatest Game Ever Played a solid and uplifting tale.
Variations and tributes can't blunt the sting of Wilder's acidic noir benchmark	Right up there with Billy Wilder's very best work.	The perfect material for Wilder to remake himself as Hollywood's dark jester for decades.	Thanks to DVD, Phyllis will always be there waiting for you. Same chair, same perfume, same anklet, ready to make you wonder what she wonders.	Stanwyck, MacMurray and Robinson are superb in classic murder for profit story.	A dark, tautly constructed adaptation of James M. Cain's novel -- penned by Billy Wilder and Raymond Chandler -- Double Indemnity continues to set the standard for the best in Hollywood film noir.
Filmmaker Alex Aja is a dab hand with the gore, and it's only too bad you've already seen most of the movie's good stuff in the trailers and advertisements.	Alexandre Aja proves once again that he is the best horror movie maker working today.	If you're looking for another The Sixth Sense, The Devil's Backbone, or The Others, then Mirrors will definitely disappoint; however, if you just want to see some wild, wicked witchery and trippy trickery, you will get your money's worth.	Supernatural troublemakers and psychos under glass in an endlessly dreary, disappointing remake having less to do with keeping you awake at night than struggling to stay awake during viewing.	Alexandre Aja's inability to delineate credible or interesting characters results in 110 wasted minutes for anyone unfortunate to wander into an auditorium where this is playing.	Inconsistency and listless plot make this K-horror remake a less-than-frightening time at the movies.
What the movie lacks in story, it makes up for in cost-cutting: It's mostly shot in dark, endlessly redressed hallways, and its advertised beast is never fully shown.	Is one aspect of this film really worse than the others? No. They're all equally bad.	The only downside is that you can't use cheat codes to reach the end of the movie.	if you're going to make a video game adaptation this boring, why not just call it Myst and be done with it?	A rip-off of the Alien movies and George A. Romero's far superior zombie flicks, Doom is doomed to be awful.	Sure to please fans of the video game, but lacking in plot and originality to please other moviegoers.
A long, complicated affair that has its moments but suffers from an overwrought plot.	Adapted from the landmark BBC mini-series by original director Martin Campbell, Edge of Darkness is a polished piece of political suspense masquerading as a crime drama and pulling off both rather successfully.	The film's populist avenger is quintessential Gibson.	Edge of Darkness is offered as a political thriller, but with real-world politics removed. What we're left with is a familiar mechanism for delivering a vicarious, violent, wish-fulfilment fantasy.	... recalls contemporary American crime fiction as much as British conspiracy thriller, and at its best it's a piece of blunt force drama...	For better and for worse, Edge of Darkness offers vintage Mel Gibson, working within the familiar framework of a bloody revenge thriller.
Awe-inspiring.	An awkward hybrid of Asian and American film techniques.	For once a film's ad line has a whiff of truth about it: 'No Fear. No Stuntman. No Equal.'	It's Jackie Chan delivering tasty kung fu smackdown. As long as that's what you go in looking for, you won't be disappointed.	The plots is dopey as usual, the acting is dreadful and the humor ain't very subtle, but at least, Tong has a talent at crafting fast-paced action scenes.	An entertaining Jackie Chan stunt-fest in which the impressive action sequences overcome the low production value and by-the-numbers plot.
While wearing the politics lightly, Robinson neatly captures the transitional, expectant mood of both the time and the place.	Johnny Depp gets lost in paradise and a film with no plot.	What's missing is a sense of dramatic urgency. The film is a colorful travelogue unsure of where it's going.	In the time it takes to watch The Rum Diary, you could walk halfway across the Isle of Wight.	It's been so fabulously written, wonderfully acted; Depp is no stranger to representing the essence of Thompson and he's brilliant.	It's colorful and amiable enough, and Depp's heart is clearly in the right place, but The Rum Diary fails to add sufficient focus to its rambling source material.
Sandra Bullock steals the movie. You can actually see her working her charms on Keanu during certain scenes; he cracks a smile from time to time.	Jack Traven is the perfect role for Reeves. He is asked to do little more than set his jaw and look good in a tight T-shirt, and he's good at both.	If you're inclined to pick it apart and ask a lot of questions, you'll quickly conclude that there's zero chance this kind of scenario would unfold in the real world, but it's so well done here, you just don't care.	Undeniably, the picture now and again supplies that edge-of-the-seat sensation; yet, by action-adventure standards, Speed is leaden and strangely poky. It never seems to shift into overdrive and let fly.	It's more than a mere knockoff. It's a clever, carefully constructed action machine that generates lots of high-octane thrills and spills. What it lacks in originality, it more than makes up for in full-throttle pacing.	A terrific popcorn thriller, Speed is taut, tense, and energetic, with outstanding performances from Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, and Sandra Bullock.
Man of the Year is a well-intentioned mess, a dated, yuk-it-up sloppy civics lesson with such a lack of conviction that it backs away from the very questions it poses.	A wishy-washy thriller with political leanings that never quite fit.	Robin Williams' character can't decide when to be goofy and when to play it straight, and neither can this uneven "what-if" political comedy from writer-director Barry Levinson.	In Man of the Year, a thriller without thrills collides with a mirthless comedy.	Rather than being integrated into something complex, the different tones are at war with each other, leaving the whole unsatisfying. Luckily there are dozens of good lines, which at least keep the movie from being dull.	Weakened by second-half attempts at thriller and romance, this presidential comedy also fails to hit any sharp political notes, resulting in a confused and unsatisfying mess.
Free of the indignant self-righteousness of Michael Moore's lowbrow sloganeering, Abderrahmane Sissako's poetic drama offers a clear-sighted examination of Third World economic collapse.	There are countless moments that are subtly transfixing. Even seemingly casual shots - of vendors peddling knock-off Gucci glasses, policemen flirting with local women, a man attached to a drip lying alone in a room - linger in the imagination.	Bamako is an attack on globalization that is endlessly cogent, confrontational -- and, best of all, as captivating as it is illuminating.	Bamako ends pessimistically, which is understandable since it carries a continent on its shoulders.	Rather than detract from the seriousness of the issues, Sissako's light touch encourages a deeper level of engagement.	A courtroom drama and a portrait of everyday Mali life, Bamako approaches both subjects with equal skill and success.
Typical action-blockbuster stuff, entertaining and mindless, that is elevated by the high-wattage cast.	The film is not entirely successful in evoking the goofy, satirical tone of the DC comic source material, but it's an entertaining fare for adults, benefiting immensely from its vet and skillful cast.	The one-liners zing right along with the bullets in a playful pas de deux of mayhem, misdirection and mordant humor.	It is Kick-Ass, with Helen Mirren as Hit-Girl.	It's very silly and runs out of steam well before the end, though there are one or two gags.	It may not be the killer thrill ride you'd expect from an action movie with a cast of this caliber, but Red still thoroughly outshines most of its big-budget counterparts with its wit and style.
Seeing Martin's faux [breast] appear on his shoulder is awfully funny, until about 45 minutes of the same joke being repeated ad nauseam.	The more irritating aspect of Big Momma's House is the feeling of inevitability attached to each and every assembly-line joke.	squarely aimed at the type of audience willing to overlook all sorts of inconsistencies and stereotypes in a movie as long as it includes a few juicy toilet jokes.	...neither funny nor stimulating.	The movie has some big laughs, yes, but never reaches takeoff velocity.	Big Momma's House is funny in some parts, but it is essentially a one-joke movie.
This could have been one of those rare so-bad-it's-good movies, but the experience of watching it falls short of that mark.	Angelina Jolie rocks, but dull script deflates adventure film.	The movie version of her 'life' is just a jumble of every Indiana Jones and James Bond movie ever made.	Even the action, which should be this kind of brainless summer movie's saving grace, is spare and unexciting.	Anyone who wants to see an actual movie, well, Tomb Raider stands as another mediocre addition to our ongoing summer of crap.	Angelina Jolie is perfect for the role of Lara Croft, but even she can't save the movie from a senseless plot and action sequences with no emotional impact.
Director Greg "Freddy" Camalier skillfully, unhurriedly unfurls a wealth of classic music-biz tales as told by a who's who of R&B, soul and rock 'n' roll royalty and various other players and purveyors.	"Muscle Shoals" is filled with great stories, characters and songs -- and, really, what else could you want from a music documentary?	It is hands down one of the best music documentaries ever made.	Emotionally moving but messy, it survives thanks to its superb songs, great cinematography and insightful anecdotes - in spite of its lack of a satisfactory conclusion.	Warm, enjoyable, smooth and lightweight, this celebratory documentary is a gentle tribute to a remarkable man and his work.	Essential for soul fans and entertaining for novices, Muscle Shoals offers a compelling, warts-and-all glimpse at one of the most fascinating stories in modern American music.
If Ripley's Believe It or Not! were still around, Herb and Dorothy Vogel would surely be in it for amassing a world-class art collection on the most ordinary of working-class salaries.	First-time filmmaker Megumi Sasaki's documentary Herb & Dorothy is as simple and straightforward as the subjects of its title.	As director Megumi Sasaki's leisurely yet absorbing documentary tells it, the crusty postman and the mild librarian emerged as the Fred and Ethel Mertz of modernism, championing the early careers of such artists as Sol LeWitt and Christo.	Herb and Dorothy, a documentary by Megumi Sasaki, grows on you just as its subjects do.	A fascinating, warm and delightfully charming documentary that finds just the right balance between entertaining the audience and provoking them intellectually.	While perhaps not as probing as it could have been, Megumi Sasaki's languidly paced documentary is as entertaining as it is inspiring.
Worst of all, there's a charmless brat prince for Sonja to take under her wing.	Horrible spawn of the mediocre Conan the Barbarian.	Hilariously awful	...pure silliness, but not silly enough to qualify as amusing. Face it; it's just dull.	Mr. Fleischer brings absolutely no playfulness to what might, at least, have been enjoyably light. And he brings out the worst in a cast that was ill-chosen to begin with.	Dull, poorly directed, and badly miscast, Red Sonja is an uninspired conclusion to Schwarzenegger's barbarian trilogy.
This contemptuously formulated comedy, about four middle-age-crisis-suffering men going on cross country motorcycle road trip, isn't worth the film stock it was shot on.	There really isn't much more to say about Wild Hogs beyond the appallingly unfunny results it extracts from squeezing Travolta, Tim Allen, Martin Lawrence and William H. Macy into leather jackets and propping them on high-performance motorcycles.	Truly awful, monumentally inept, wholly unwatchable.	'A lot can happen on the road to nowhere,' reads the tagline on the poster for Wild Hogs, a comedy that also illustrates exactly how nothing can happen on the road to nowhere.	A comedy that's beneath its one-time A-List talent.	Wild Hogs is a dreadful combination of fish-out-of-water jokes, slapstick, and lazy stereotypes.
The longer the movie goes, the more its 133 minutes prove wearing.	'Grandes efectos especiales, una estupenda historia y acción sin límites. Ahora, todos somos mutantes'	... has more subplots going than your average daytime soap operas, but with outcast superheroes instead of rich folk! In fact, it follows very closely the kind of interrelationships and characterization that made the X-men comic books popular for so long.	The emotional spectrum has widened, too, encompassing buoyant mirth and heroic tragedy.	Fortunately, bigger usually equals better here, and when it doesn't, it equals just as good.	Tightly scripted, solidly acted, and impressively ambitious, X2: X-Men United is bigger and better than its predecessor -- and a benchmark for comic sequels in general.
This unscary thriller also suffers from dreadful miscasting, not the least of which is pairing Gwyneth Paltrow and Michael Douglas as the leads.	Andrew ("The Fugitive") Davis' film is less than perfect but it's a murderously fun way to spend a couple of hours in a darkened movie theater.	Somewhere, Alfred Hitchcock is yawning.	You don't have to believe a word of the strained dialogue in A Perfect Murder to be seduced by the movie's chilly high-gloss ambiance and its skillfully plotted update of Frederick Knott's play...	...the film is so lacking in anything original that it is hardly worth recommending.	A slick little thriller that relies a bit too much on surprise events to generate suspense.
Never reaches its full tempo	With its cotton-field locations, diddley-bo props and scripted nods toward blues history and mythology, 'Honeydripper' somehow feels touristy rather than authentic -- as if it were a product of research rather than passion.	Think of it as an expert piece cultural anthropology with a beat that you can dance to.	The film gets better as it goes along, and it closes with a rousing musical flourish, as immensely charismatic newcomer Clark Jr. finally hits the stage. At last, Sayles' sleepy drama wakes with a start.	A movie with a lot of pulled dramatic punches, Honeydripper is still very likable. Its real attraction is real blues stars playing live with an energy that would float a much lesser movie than this.	Honeydripper's electric musical numbers and sharp performances make for an exciting film, despite its slow pace.
Match verdict: no goals, slow build-up, but much absorbing action off the ball.	A stirringly grandiose music-video epic	No comic book stuff here: the film is dark and gloomy with excessive violence.	essential 80s cinema with some amazing elements, including the unflinching violence for the time and the brilliant score by Basil Poledouris	Conan the Barbarian is an extremely long, frequently incoherent, ineptly staged adventure-fantasy set in a prehistoric past.	Though Conan may take itself too seriously for some, this adventure film about a former slave seeking vengeance is full of quotable Schwarzenegger lines and gritty action.
By the end of Life Is Beautiful, you see that Benigni is no fool, he is a comic genius with a heart as big as the world.	dares to laugh in the face of the unthinkable. And because Benigni can be heart-rending without a trace of the maudlin, it works.	Hilarious. Heartbreaking. Hopeful. Imaginative.	Benigni certainly knew the risk he was taking with his idea, but the circumstances overwhelm him.	This cross between Schindler's List and Hogan's Heroes works better than it has any right to, but not as well as most people would have you believe.	Benigni's earnest charm, when not overstepping its bounds into the unnecessarily treacly, offers the possibility of hope in the face of unflinching horror.
The miracle of the filmmakers' work would seem to be the perfectly struck performances of the leads.	A rigorously austere masterpiece infused with intense humanism.	A simple moral fable told with compassion and nerve.	The slyly generic title of Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne's L'Enfant (The Child) suggests ample room for doubt about who's the real kid in their new film.	If you think Britney and Michael were careless with their babies, you haven't seen anything yet.	The Dardennes continue to excel at presenting works of rigorous naturalism, with detached observations of authentic characters that nevertheless resonate with complex moral issues.
Shallow, meandering, predictable, padded, and jam-packed with one unfunny, hoarily conceived slapstick bit or pratfall after the next.	We likely have a sequel because the first Steve Martin family comedy successfully grossed 3 1/2 times its budget by teasing light humor out of family high jinks. That's all fine, but did it have to be set in summer camp-style?	Jimmy's kids' resentment is noticed only by the keenly attentive Carmen Electra.	[A] cinematic Bataan death march of pratfalls, kicks to the crotch, leg-humping dogs, pseudo-adorable rugrats who are a collective menace to society, and stomach-turning schmaltz...	There is no hilarity, just a couple of veteran funnymen going through the hellishly predictable motions in this unimaginative and unnecessary sequel.	A sequel to a remake, Cheaper 2 wastes its solid cast in scenes of over-the-top, predictable humor.
The kind of movie where you could read the first 20 pages of the screenplay and accurately predict what will happen in the remaining 80.	Wilson plays disillusionment convincingly, the supporting cast (especially Barraza) is golden, and director Mark Pellington has just the right touch to bring off a teary-eyed inspirational drama.	Pic's tendency to lecture on the power of faith and religion and on the demerits of science seems to assume an almost childlike audience that needs to be spoon-fed Pablum.	It's like a pushy neighbor who keeps inviting you to church and won't take no for an answer.	This isn't a movie: it's a sermon.	Full of Hallmark-truisms and pop songs presented with strained significance, this comic foible intends less to convert than to preach to the choir.
I never realized what a lush cast of characters populate Fab Four records. Or how giddy it would be to see Max, Jude, Jo-Jo, Prudence and Sadie come to life.	The wide-eyed, openhearted sincerity of the thing never slackens, and neither does its spirit of invention.	Taymor has mistaken a deeply clichéd view of the late '60s for a radical slice of the zeitgeist. Let it be.	Across the Universe doesn't completely work, but when it does, you're in for one wild and wonderful ride.	Across the Universe is a classic example of ambition exceeding execution.	Psychedelic musical numbers can't mask Across the Universe's clichéd love story and uninteresting characters.
Classic detective film, but not quite the masterpiece it's supposed to be	... part of what makes a film great is its power to obliterate whatever preconceptions we bring to it. There is brittle wit and sparkling harm and a very adult sense of fun present in The Maltese Falcon; it still works as a movie	The definitive Sam Spade portrayal.	Who can argue with Bogart's glower or Mary Astor in her ratty fur?	One of the most brilliant directorial debuts in Hollywood's history, this gem of a movie catapulted Humphrey Bogart to major stardom, offering one of his finest roles (with many memorable lines) as detective Sam Spade.	Suspenseful, labyrinthine, and brilliantly cast, The Maltese Falcon is one of the most influential noirs -- as well as a showcase for Humphrey Bogart at his finest.
Well-acted and often moving, Theory of Everything is ultimately an insightful love story that just happens to be about Stephen Hawking.	An intelligent love story that touches the heart by exploring the sacrifices both parties made to cope with Stephen Hawking's debilitating disease.	A sweet fairy tale of the marriage between a living legend, anti-God "saint" and the wife who attended to his every need. A nice whitewash. It's not a warts-and-all film.	If you are interested, even slightly, in what distinguished Stephen Hawking, this is not the film for you. It has about as much to do with his theoretical breakthroughs as does a Judd Apatow movie.	Eddie Redmayne and Felicity Jones enliven a straightforward, BBC-grade drama with two mesmerizing performances, antithetical but equally assertive.	Part biopic, part love story, The Theory of Everything rises on James Marsh's polished direction and the strength of its two leads.
A gripping family drama.	A Separation twists and turns, layering on crucial details and moral quandaries in each scene, never for a moment allowing us the luxury of identifying too easily with any single character.	Farhadi's carefully wrought narrative and the ways it handles the fragile emotions of its characters truly sets it apart, not only from contemporary Iranian cinema but world cinema in general.	"A Separation" deals with some very murky issues, but it does so with astonishing clarity.	Farhadi brings us as close as can be to these characters, but he also refuses to editorialize or nudge us too far in any one direction.	Morally complex, suspenseful, and consistently involving, A Separation captures the messiness of a dissolving relationship with keen insight and searing intensity.
Despite its cast and director, it's an amazingly unfunny movie, drowned in its own conceits, half-strangled by the tongue so obtrusively in its cheek.	Intermittently brilliant, intermittently hilarious -- and occasionally tedious.	Ultimately, it's hard to connect with these odd, distant people, and though the film has an ending that finds some grace, it's too little, too late.	Often, The Life Aquatic borrows too much from the characters of Anderson's earlier work. But the humor and imagination of the piece more than makes up.	Wes Anderson follows Rushmore and The Royal Tenenbaums with ... the same film for the third time.	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is getting soaked by many critics, who call it smug, ironic and artificial. Still, others have praised the movie's sheer uniqueness, eccentricity and whimsy.
A fine film that proves the past is never too bleak -- or the future too hopeless -- to discover a productive new life, and a home and family to share it.	Though the screenplay -- written by the real-life Fisher -- seems a bit self-aggrandizing, even stone-hearted cynics would be wise to pack tissues.	A moving story of determination and the human spirit.	Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way...that feels very human and very true to life.	Watchful, flinty, unexpectedly vulnerable -- and so cathartic it could wring tears from a stone.	Washington's directing debut is a solidly crafted, emotionally touching work.
Falardeau and his screenwriter, Margaret Nagle, add compelling details and small grace notes where they can.	Heartbreaking but hopeful drama about Sudanese Lost Boys.	A touching, generous-hearted movie that touches on immigrant experience with grace.	This timely, light comic study of what it means to be a refugee makes for a refreshingly un-hectoring watch.	A big, eager puppy of an issue movie that plants its paws on your chest and licks away at your cheek in eager expectation of praise.	The Good Lie sacrifices real-life nuance in order to turn its true story into a Hollywood production, but the results still add up to a compelling, well-acted, and deeply moving drama.
The film paints a convincing portrait of Tupac as a true artist whose talents embraced a big chunk of entertainment: acting, music, poetry, dance.	A well-wrought, if highly subjective, introduction to Shakur, especially for the curious.	Lazin's remarkable achievement is to catch Tupac in the act of discovering himself. It's something to see.	A strong film, with some genuinely revealing insights into the life of its charismatic and paradoxical subject.	Let's assume you are a person who never intends to see a doc about rap music, but might have it in you to see one. This is the one.	There's no question where the director's loyalty lies in this one-sided tribute; however, Tupac's charisma makes this doc an engaging sit.
...there are a lot of wonderful family-friendly films out there this season. Alvin And The Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is not one of them.	Silly threequel is full of pop-culture references and jokes.	To be fair, this franchise was never intended to appeal to anyone over six. But you do wonder how the filmmakers still managed to contrive something so unfunny and trite.	Well, at least it isn't in 3D.	Aside from the in-laws threatening to stay until the New Year, one of the worst things about Christmas is a new Alvin And The Chipmunks movie.	Lazy, rote, and grating, Chipwrecked is lowest-common-denominator family entertainment that's strictly for the very, very, very young at heart.
The weakest of the MAD MAX films, but the Thunderdome cage match is worth viewing.	More visionary and more entertaining than the first two.	It's hard not to wonder why Beyond Thunderdome isn't better.	Let's face it, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome isn't terribly memorable.	An astonishing display of virtuoso cinema that is destined to take its place among the most vivid and freshly imagined fist-to-groin contests in the medium's history.	Beyond Thunderdome deepens the Mad Max character without sacrificing the amazing vehicle choreography and stunts that made the originals memorable.
Nothing short of perfection.	Amazing.	It wants to be an original beauty so much that it doesn't realize just how plain and ordinary it really is.	American Beauty brings a bracing blend of cunning, insight and compassion to the drama of a suburban family coming apart.	...a novelistic integrity, a cool black comic sensibility and, at its core, a raw throbbing monster of a busted heart.	Flawlessly cast and brimming with dark, acid wit, American Beauty is a smart, provocative high point of late '90s mainstream Hollywood film.
...the animation itself is top-notch, and in a number of darker sequences (Snow White's terrified entry into the forest, for example), Disney's adoption of Expressionist visual devices makes for genuinely powerful drama.	So perfect is the illusion, so tender the romance and fantasy, so emotional are certain portions when the acting of the characters strikes a depth comparable to the sincerity of human players, that the film approaches real greatness.	The first time was the charm with the queen, probably still the most effective, scariest, and coolest villain Disney has yet created.	There are only a tiny number of films that have come anywhere close to equaling its achievement.	To one degree or another, every animated feature made since owes it something.	With its involving story and characters, vibrant art, and memorable songs, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs set the animation standard for decades to come.
This is musical history that deserves to be placed alongside the best of its era.	Soul Power is marvelous, and no wonder -- among the performers in this concert film are James Brown, B.B. King, Bill Withers, Miriam Makeba and Celia Cruz, all at the peak of their powers.	Soul Power turns out to be an unusually resonant time capsule, one that weaves together theatrics, musicianship, cosmopolitanism and sharp political critique in a vibrant look-back that's at once celebratory and wistful.	Likeable documentary that serves as a fascinating companion piece to When We Were Kings.	This has no contextual structure at all. It is essentially the archive footage slapped together.	Featuring some incredible performances from many 70s soul legends, Soul Power is an exhilarating snap-shot of a bygone era.
Typical jingoistic Stone bullroar, but professional.	Not the sort of movie you actually enjoy, but its thought-provoking subject matter and haunting images are not easily forgotten.	Stone has found in Cruise the ideal actor to anchor the movie with simplicity and strength.	Hey...Cruise can act!	A compelling, elegiac film, particularly encouraging after the simplified morality of Platoon.	Led by an unforgettable performance from Tom Cruise, Born on the Fourth of July finds director Oliver Stone tackling thought-provoking subject matter with ambitious élan.
I wish the Coens the best, but they're going to have to do better than this. I know they can.	There is no satisfactory beginning, middle or end to it, but it does have its moments.	Outrageously fun.	Jeff Bridges as The Dude is stroke of casting genius.	If it's all supposed to be in fun, why does it feel so much like an insult?	Typically stunning visuals and sharp dialogue from the Coen Brothers, brought to life with strong performances from Goodman and Bridges.
Has plenty of visual eye candy with its slick cars and action-packed sequences, but it's ultimately low on surprises, imagination and palpable thrills, even if you're willing to suspend your disbelief and to check your brain at the door for 107 minutes.	Fast & Furious represents a drastic drop in quality for the series. The reason is simple: it abandons the central premise of the franchise, which seems a betrayal of the very thing that made the other entries so enjoyable.	If it's not fast and furious automotive action you're after, hoping instead for a cohesive character driven plot, then you're more likely to just get furious pretty damn fast.	I can count on half a hand the things I found appealing about the middle fifty minutes of this movie, but I'll be damned if I don't want to know what happens next...	Early, pre-credit scenes are so meticulously choreographed and expertly edited that you just cannot wait for the real film to begin. However, minutes later, you can't help wishing the thing would just hurry up and finish.	While Fast and Furious features the requisite action and stunts, the filmmakers have failed to provide a competent story or compelling characters.
Disappointing is too soft a choice of words.	Five stars don't do it justice.	Good, but certainly not one of Altman's better or more memorable works.	An ambitious, entertaining twist on the classic British country-house murder mystery.	If Altman's last effort, last year's Dr. T and the Women, was one of his most critically reviled films ever, Gosford Park should do much to salvage his reputation.	A mixture of Upstairs, Downstairs, Clue, and perceptive social commentary, Gosford Park ranks among director Altman's best.
Mr. Payne's undeniable knack for naturalism makes "The Descendants" a wholly persuasive and heartfelt experience.	There's some pretty tricky material for Payne and crew to navigate, but anchored by a terrific cast it's a journey of hurt and healing that lingers.	Clooney is brilliant as the emotionally jolted hero of Payne's droll yet immensely moving film. In its perfectly wrought eloquence, it may be the best film of the year.	It's one of the year's best pictures, one to savor and think about.	(Clooney) is at the top of his game in his scenes alone with the comatose Elizabeth. Asking questions that are unable to be answered, his pain at his loss and her betrayal is heartbreaking.	Funny, moving, and beautifully acted, The Descendants captures the unpredictable messiness of life with eloquence and uncommon grace.
"Beastly" is not the best or the worst teen movie I've ever seen, but given the talented cast (especially Harris), I would have loved to see them tackle a more realistic reboot.	Beastly has some groan-inducing lines and acting to match.	Everything and everyone looks very pretty, with even Kyle's disfigurement looking like it would make a cool T-shirt logo; nothing, and nobody, makes any sense.	[A] tin-eared, corny attempt at fairy-tale interpretation.	Under-rated.	Fundamentally misguided, poorly written, and badly acted, Beastly adds little to the legacy of its timeless source material.
A truly terrible, utterly witless comedy.	Not so much good as it is low-key, amusing, and painless.	A kids' movie with few laughs for the older viewer.	The earlier Alvin movie made more than $217 million just in the United States. It's hard to imagine this somewhat confused sequel doing as well.	Richard Widmark is dead but his spirit improbably lives on in this 'squeakquel,' in which the allegedly adorable harmonizing rodents cause an old lady in a wheelchair to roll down a steep flight of stairs...	This Squeakquel may entertain the kiddies, but it's low on energy and heavily reliant on slapstick humor.
The voice-in-the-dark hysteria comes no less out of Stone, seizing the success d'estime transplant for the personal, even confessional, quandary of the anguished truth-teller in the end engulfed by the system.	Talk Radio... is a nearly perfect example of how not to make a movie of a play.	Stone's hyperkinetic direction keeps you riveted. He stalks every move Champlain makes around the studio as he revs up bigots, druggies, sex fiends and religious fanatics whom he then viciously puts down.	As a director, Stone has a way of merging with the point of view of his protagonists, which is to say that his films are as jittery, wired-up and fragmented as they are.	The film has a purposefully repellent but fascinating quality. Bogosian`s performance, based on his stage play, is spectacularly demented.	The gripping union of a director and star at the peak of their respective powers, Talk Radio offers the viewer a singularly unlikable character and dares you to look away.
An entertaining and wholly original genre hybrid film that has more than a few tricks up its sleeves.	The wonderfully inventive meta-story leads to a riotous conclusion that trashes the rules of the teen fright flick.	I don't know that this movie exceeded my expectations, but it certainly matched them.	"The Cabin in the Woods" gets at the story underneath the story, and the reason behind the clichés.	If you like nutty energy, wacky ideas, crisp dialogue and scary, bloody, gory, grotesque and twisted movies - man, are you going to have a blast this weekend.	The Cabin in the Woods is an astonishing meta-feat, capable of being funny, strange, and scary -- frequently all at the same time.
I've seen The Future...and it's not bad at all.	Nobody but July could have made a film so defiantly insufferable.	It's easy to be distracted by the talking cat or the talking moon, but they are merely wallpaper over a yawning chasm of panic and disappointment.	Kooky indie experimental film that might have something intelligent to say about leading a weird life, but was such a tiresome watch that it turned me off.	It's parodic Sundance independent cinema - pure, aimless, triple-brewed whimsy.	A dark and whimsical exploration of human existence that challenges viewers as much as it rewards them.
Director-cinematographer Doug Liman gets points for breathing a bit of life into an already tired indie sub genre.	Screenwriter Favreau strengthens the characters and the reality of the situations by making wonderful use of language and male jargon.	A guy film that gives you something to latch onto, that makes male bonding both believable and appealing.	Not only are its characters more realistic and sympathetic than Quentin Tarantino's, but Swingers is much more good-natured and even likable than anything he has ever done.	Mr. Favreau wrote this screenplay with his real friends in mind. And the cast's camaraderie is appealingly clear.	Funny, heartfelt, and effortlessly cool, Swingers made stars out of Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau, established Doug Liman as a director to watch.
The humanity of the Star Trek series, unexpected as it is in a sci-fi setting, remains the series' best feature.	Nimoy's first turn at the director's helm makes for reliable viewing, though no one will ever mistake it for one of the best.	These are classic directorial occasions, and Nimoy rises to them with fervor, in effect beaming his film up onto a higher pictorial plane than either of its predecessors.	Contrived but involving.	This 1984 film's few and unimpressive special effects evidently qualify it as science fiction, but the genre it really belongs to is the male weepie: there hasn't been a gooier buddy romance on the screen since Joe Buck took Ratso Rizzo to Miami.	Though it may be short on dazzling special effects, The Search for Spock is still a strong Star Trek installment, thanks to affecting performances by its iconic cast.
The film is broad, cute, and calculated at every turn.	This innocuous, frothy fairy tale isn't so off-putting as you might imagine, thanks in large part to Andrews' ageless charm.	Aspires to be nothing more than a light time out for girls who still believe they can marry a Backstreet Boy. And it works as such. For all others (i.e., guys), it's nothing to write home about.	The story it tells is distressingly out of date, especially in its antique notions of what constitutes "success" for girls.	Does raise a lot of decent if familiar themes, exploring teen self-awareness, self-consciousness, friendship, ego and the like.	A charming, if familiar, makeover movie for young teenage girls.
The climactic game, in which Roy, in a way that defies prediction, attempts to sink the shot of his life, is the most rousing sequence of the year, a celebration of what it really means to win.	Give him a fleshed-out character whose sense of humor is as strong as his code of ethics, and Costner relaxes and never puts a foot wrong.	Like other Shelton movies, it's dappled with interesting characters.	Breaking down the golf trajectories into separate shots during the sports climax comes across as an expedient form of cheating--the very opposite of authenticity.	One of the best films of 1996 with its message that in love and in sports, playing it safe can't hold a candle to taking risks and acting from the heart.	Breezy and predictable, Tin Cup is a likeable sports comedy that benefits greatly from Kevin Costner's amiable lead performance.
George Romero's remarkably assured debut, made on a shoestring, about a group of people barricaded inside a farmhouse while an army of flesh-eating zombies roams the countryside, deflates all genre clichés.	Ainda hoje permanece como um dos melhores do gęnero.	The latest "Ultimate Edition" features a digitally colourised version as well as an audio commentary by Mike Nelson.	Shocks come from the way in which Romero repeatedly presents a clichéd situations in which we think we know what's going on, only for Romero to pull out the rug from underneath, thereby producing a greater shock.	Oft-copied zombie classic is still intense and gory.	George A. Romero's debut set the template for the zombie film, and features tight editing, realistic gore, and a sly political undercurrent.
Socioeconomic concerns bring depth to doc about pre-teen chess whizzes.	Great story, well-made, what's not to like?	It would be easy for this film to be a very obvious, very shallow story in which the moral is that even kids from the worst possible circumstances can succeed. That's not what it's about.	Every player knows the finality when the other player sadly turns over his king, signaling surrender. We know it even better when we do it ourselves.	... a powerful and positive story about dedicated teachers helping kids succeed no matter what their circumstances	Brooklyn Castle is a warm, engaging, and even uplifting documentary about chess-playing whiz kids.
A very dark comedy that gets sillier and bloodier and less funny as it nears its violent conclusion.	If you enjoyed last year's underappreicated You Kill Me, book yourself a return ticket to Bruges.	A near-masterpiece, impossible to pigeonhole or predict. It is the kind of great movie that could only be made by a neophyte.	It somehow manages to never stop being brutally funny, while also becoming tragically bleak.	Colin Farrell raises eyebrows, belly laughs and sympathy in Martin McDonagh's debut feature.	Featuring witty dialogue and deft performances, In Bruges is an effective mix of dark comedy and crime thriller elements.
Save your time, save your money, save your soul. Stay at home.	References aren't the same thing as jokes, and often a gag peters out before the scene is over.	If you haven't brushed up on the latest Freddie Prinze Jr. bomb, you'll simply feel stuck in detention.	Forget the teen movies; what this one has to worry about is audience members thinking 'Not Another Parody.'	Too much of Not Another Teen Movie simply duplicates previous films, without adding anything.	NATM has some funny moments, but the movie requires the audience to have familiarity with the movies being spoofed and a tolerance for toilet and sexual humor to be truly effective.
The only thing missing is the pumpkin that turns into a coach. That's OK, because Duff turns into a turkey way before midnight.	Clearly a movie that is aiming strictly for its target audience of young girls.	You can say of this movie, truly, that they took the most famous tale in the world and broke it.	Chad Michael Murray could be the next Johnny Depp, or he could be the next Luke Perry - only time will tell.	Modern footwear simply doesn't fit this perennial fairy tale heroine, who's been reborn as a Valley Girl in a rendition that stumbles in almost every conceivable way.	An uninspired, generic updating of the classic fairy tale.
The anti-war message is not new but the film delivers it eloquently and with quiet, insistent dignity. And sadly, it's a message that's still not being heeded.	Leading an impressive cast, Ulfsak, an accoladed Estonian actor, is quietly commanding as the war-weary, heroic Ivo.	Humanity is the theme of this Oscar nominated drama in which an old Estonian man opens his home and heart to two rival 'children of death'- a Chechen mercenary and a Georgian soldier... Hope is a wonderful thing	A quietly profound study of the unfathomable nature of conflict.	Every time the viewer feels OK to kick back they're whacked them over the head by crude message-mongering or unsubtle ironies.	Tangerines' impassioned message and the strong work of a solid cast more than make up for the movie's flawed narrative and uneven structure.
A film like Up makes it clear that Pixar has moved beyond the point where it feels the need to pander to children.	Its refusal to sugarcoat death and loneliness deepens its appeal, with Carl's longing for Ellie so palpable, few won't be moved as the film wends along its harrowing way.	Even the out-of-place moments and blunt conceits can be forgiven, as they perform dutifully in service to the kind of thrilling movie adventures we regular folks can only dream of, but which the wizards at Pixar perform with ease.	The honesty of the story here, as beautifully depicted and acted by Asner and young Jordan Nagai is so real, so palpable, you almost forget you are watching an animated film at all.	Up has much to offer kids but more to offer adults. We're so entertained we don't realize we're exploring tough questions. How faithful are we in the promises we make?	An exciting, funny, and poignant adventure, Up offers an impeccably crafted story told with wit and arranged with depth, as well as yet another visual Pixar treat.
Stupid, racist, sexist and yet weirdly lovable, bumbling detective Hubert de la Bath is back in O.S.S. 117: Lost in Rio.	Lost in Rio wins giggles only when rubbing its spy milieu up against sheer randomness, but the sight of Dujardin's self-absorbed mug carving up a rubber crocodile for survivalist sustenance can only do so much.	All this is mighty silly, but there's something to be said for watching a French movie that, for a change, isn't about l'amour, existential angst, or madness.	Thoroughly enjoyable, frequently hilarious spy spoof with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.	Essentially recycling Nest of Spies with different locations and less reliance on historical events, part three will require some fresh ideas, but until then this is a good joke worth the repeating.	Led by another appealing performance from Jean Dujardin, this sequel offers more absurdly fun action -- and more politically incorrect humor -- for fans of '60s spy films.
A grimly goofy, tediously bloody, dismally un-scary trashing of Friedkin's original that fits comfortably with the myriad other 'supernatural' disasters of recent years.	Exorcist: The Beginning makes the mistake of confusing loud noises, grotesque images, obscene violence, and buckets of blood for frights.	an example of the studio getting exactly what they ask for and the final product suffering because of it	Maybe the long-troubled, twiced-filmed prequel should be called Exorcist: The Boring.	By the time the three or four false endings are finished and the credits roll, moviegoers will be left wondering whether Schrader's version will be released on DVD.	A mediocre, gory horror film, nowhere near the quality of the 1973 original.
My relationship with Goodbye to Language has not been a honeymoon of unruffled bliss, but I'm glad to have had it, and can say unequivocally that it should be seen in an environment where its 3D effects can do their work -- that is to say, in a cinema.	Old dogs, similar tricks, but hardly tired.	The title says 'Goodbye,' but Jean-Luc Godard says hello with a stimulating and playful meditation on the state of the world and the possibilities of the image.	This is a master filmmaker whose interest in form and its instruments have kept him vital.	"Goodbye to Language" seems like an appropriate title if it's meant to suggest that logic and sanity have completely disappeared from this world.	As visually thrilling as it is inscrutable, Goodbye to Language 3D offers a late-period masterpiece from a legendary director still very much in control of his craft.
The action is non-stop and pleasing to the eye, but somewhere along the way, Pixar's soul was left behind.	For the first time, we get a sense of 'let's just knock this out' instead of 'let's knock this out of the park.'	There is nothing here to justify a sequel, other than the merchandising revenue. What they have given us is a limp, over-stuffed film that lacks class.	A fairly disastrous sequel...	The law of averages has finally caught up with the most remarkable studio in modern movie history, the dream factory that lived up to Buzz Lightyear's joyous cry of "To infinity and beyond." This frenzied sequel seldom gets beyond mediocrity.	Cars 2 is as visually appealing as any other Pixar production, but all that dazzle can't disguise the rusty storytelling under the hood.
The cheekiest, funniest, and most purely entertaining entry in the Disneynature series.	Monkeys.	What we witness in Monkey Kingdom is nothing less than amazing.	Another winning entry in Disneynature's collection of easily accessible documentaries. (Full Content Review -- Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)	A populist take on simian society and alpha leadership leads to an entertaining look at caste systems in the animal kingdom.	Monkey Kingdom's breathtaking footage of primates in the wild is likely to please animal lovers of all ages.
The actors in 24 City, an experimental fiction-nonfiction hybrid, bring their own existential realities to their short, touching performances.	In [Jia Zhangke's] chronicle of the changing fortunes of a defunct but once glorious aeronautic factory and its workers through talking heads and wordless images exclusively, the documentary strain prevails to simple, yet emotionally reverberating effect.	One of the year's best... a narrative film masquerading as a documentary, and more of an essay on the status of life in a modernising China than either	becomes whatever the viewer wants it to be.	In the end, the filmmaker's fragmented approach marks an interesting, if not entirely successful, departure for one of China's most talented working directors.	One of China's most talented directors blurs the lines between non-fiction, drama, and musical theater in this vivid portrait of a country in cultural flux.
Here is the year's least welcome technological advance, the computer-generated butterfly meant to provide a touch of magic for a film that has none of its own.	A little too conventional and predictable for my taste. However, when the ending came, the whole effect of the movie was pretty much ruined.	Watching Patch Adams is like being bedridden and suffering the further indignity of a caregiver who is self-righteous and thinks he's a comedian.	The film may get sappy at times and come off as over-sentimentalized at others, but for the most part it's an engaging, funny and touching story.	If you can suspend disbelief at every odds-defying incident and mind-blowing improbability, the inspirational message may work on you like magic. If not, the film falls flat as a 60-second souffle.	Syrupy performances and directing make this dramedy all too obvious.
Carrey tries hard to parlay his usual mad mugging into serious mad mugging, but Joel Schumacher isn't the director to get him there. Count Schumacher's films - 23 really is a bad number.	...drops all kinds of ridiculous into the story line, all of which could have been forgiven if they weren't so blatantly swept under the rug...	Carrey is effectively sinister, the visuals are often amazing, but there's less to this murky psycho-thriller than meets the eye.	Jim barely gets by as a dramatic actor, as a crazy on the loose in a thriller he's more Looney Tunes than lunatic.	Genuinely intriguing in places and romps along at a satisfying pace for a conspiracy thriller.	Jim Carrey has been sharp in a number of non-comedic roles, but this lurid, overheated, and self-serious potboiler is not one of them. The Number 23 is clumsy, unengaging, and mostly confusing.
There's echoes of Remains of the Day in a heartfelt drama that seems blown in from another world.	This is a Dickensian tale about the transformative power of art.	A haunting, beautiful movie about small, emotional movements set against a backdrop of national change.	While it never reaches great heights, Everlasting Moments offers subtle, satisfying rewards with well drawn characters.	This film lovingly celebrates the wonders of technology that we now take for granted.	Elegant and intimate, Everlasting Moments moves at the deliberate and gentle pace of a classical European period drama.
Funny as hell!	Will undoubtably please its target audience of teens and early twenty-somethings, but may prove to be a bit too much for older audiences.	Among this year's bumper crop of shallow teen-age movies, it is the shallowest and the most prurient.	American Pie is no comedy classic; it's about as sophisticated as a whoopie cushion.	Jarring moments, coupled with the fact the movie simply isn't that funny, make for an uneven viewing experience that is best done while couching out at home.	So embarrassing it's believable, American Pie succeeds in bringing back the teen movie genre.
O'Connor treats the brothers' stories like two separate movies, but both are cliched, and we don't learn enough about the rules of mixed martial arts to be drawn into the many, many bouts we see.	A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.	A skillfully made film complete with strong performances and a surprisingly gripping emotional core and it is those elements that help keep it humming along even when it threatens to collapse under the weight of its occasionally hokey plotting.	Yes, this is a mixed martial arts movie. It's also one of the most heart-wrenching and deeply felt films of the year.	'Warrior' makes you cheer, sweat, laugh and in a completely shocking twist, cry just a little bit.	Warrior relies on many of the clichés that critics of the genre love to mock -- and it transcends them with gripping action, powerful acting, and heart.
A wrenching tale of an Arab surgeon assimilated and celebrated in Tel Aviv, who discovers his wife's darkest secret.	Screenwriters Ziad Doueiri and Joelle Touma pull quite a few punches here, making the doctor improbably naive about Israeli-Palestinian tensions so that his transformation seems profound.	...Ziad Doueiri has made the most extraordinary film on Middle Eastern suicide bombings yet by turning it into an investigative love story.	We learn that beneath some urbane and sophisticated Israelis lies a cold and hardened heart. We see Palestinians who live to commit terror without regard to its consequences.	The Israeli-Arab conflict is stripped to its most intensely personal level in The Attack, a haunting and heartbreaking meditation on violence, choice, love and duty that is one of the most remarkable films of the year.	Tense and suspenseful while remaining smart and understated, The Attack honors its complex subject with an intelligent script and captivating performances.
Handsomely crafted and impeccably acted by an all-star cast, this quietly riveting and meticulously detailed film presents a fascinating portrait of Cold War-era espionage.	Not boring, exactly, but undeniably tedious.	An epic bore. So slow nothing happens but talk for 3 hours.	The Good Shepherd does contain occasional tense moments and threatens, at points, to blossom into an actual thriller. But instead, it remains a character study of a character who is frustratingly hard to read.	Better than any of the feature film versions of John le Carre's novels and nearly as good as the TV mini-series based on Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People.	Though ambitious and confidently directed by Robert De Niro, The Good Shepherd is ultimately a tedious drama that holds few surprises and succumbs to self-seriousness.
Not as groundbreaking as the original, nor as expansive as all the best sequels are. But with some excellent cast additions, and Miller on murky form, this still sizzles to the touch.	Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is an exhausting pedal to the metal car chase that goes in circles, collides with a brick wall, and leaves the audience as they're thrust through the windshield and cuts to black before they hit the concrete.	The whole movie consists of shiny hot rods and dick wounds, like an 11-year-old and his grumpy grandpa playing GI Joes together.	While it might not feel as complete and well-rounded as the first movie, Sin City: A Dame To Kill For is a worthily prurient follow-up that offers up a whole bundle of new cinematic tricks, and a rogue's gallery of exciting new characters.	Another exercise in seeing Eva Green bring her A-game...she practically rewrites title to be A DAME TO SEE SIN CITY 2 FOR. Sin City remains a place of broken dreams & lost opportunities, an exploitation movie that doesn't fully exploit its opportunities	A Dame to Kill For boasts the same stylish violence and striking visual palette as the original Sin City, but lacks its predecessor's brutal impact.
As in his animated TV shows, Mr. Judge reveals an utter lack of interest in narrative, character development or story-telling structure, but a well-honed instinct for the absurd and unholy in everyday life.	The beauty of Office Space is its love for the mundane, and how people will go to sad, sad lengths to eradicate it.	The pleasures are mild and offset by irritations, but on balance the movie isn't so bad. You'll laugh, you'll sigh -- you'll look at your watch.	Livingstone makes a good hero for this story. He's likable in a bland kind of way; you believe him as an office drone.	A pretty listless satire of workplace culture.	Mike Judge lampoons the office grind with its inspired mix of sharp dialogue and witty one-liners.
A huge disappointment. Not funny.	It is the epitome of lazy Hollywood filmmaking.	It falls into the classic trap for sequels made primarily to cash in on the unexpected success of a movie: tell the same story again, only louder.	If you can look past the fact that this film is closer to a remake than a sequel, it's an enjoyable way to spend an hour and a half. Might not be original, but it's still funny.	What was dumb in the original is dumber in the sequel; what was crude in the original is cruder in the sequel; Galiafinakis was obnoxious in the original and he is more so in the sequel.	A crueler, darker, raunchier carbon copy of the first installment, The Hangover Part II lacks the element of surprise -- and most of the joy -- that helped make the original a hit.
Lacks sufficient focus, plausibility and an emotional core despite being provocative with a terrific ensemble cast and ...milie Dequenne's charming, radiant performance.	A seductive drama.	Every world-class director is allowed to misstep now and then, so don't be too hard on André Téchiné.	Could have been a bit more focused and refined but it is still a rich, deep, and complex drama with spectacular performances by Deneuve, Blanc, and Dequenne.	This provocative and involving piece proves that the French tradition of intelligent, adult film-making is still healthy.	It's a bit of a comedown for director André Téchiné, but this fact-based drama raises some thorny questions -- and benefits from strong performances by Catherine Deneuve and Emilie Dequenne.
The film is made in the internet equivalent of capital letters and its simplistic morality stands out on the big screen more so than on the small page.	Fantásticamente ignominiosa pero culpablemente entretenida	A wildly uneven, sporadically slapdash action-adventure that amuses in fits and starts.	An overinflated B-movie with no grace, no subtext, no wit, and featuring beefcake/cheesecake actors who look like they've been plucked from the soaps.	Fantastic Four is essentially campy fun; this is the sort of movie Schumacher's Batman and Robin was trying to be.	Marred by goofy attempts at wit, subpar acting, and bland storytelling, Fantastic Four is a mediocre attempt to bring Marvel's oldest hero team to the big screen.
"Moneyball" isn't ultimately about baseball as much as it is an exploration of those who do and don't adapt to change.	Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a hugely enjoyable, largely cliché-resistant sports drama with great performances from Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill.	Writer Aaron Sorkin works best at auctioneer speeds, and some of the best scenes involve Pitt's character working the phones, calling and stalling other teams' managers, trading players like a used-car salesman.	You don't need to understand anything of baseball to get behind this, a chest-swelling story about second chances and flipping a finger up (even a giant foam one) to The Man.	The best baseball movie since Bull Durham -- albeit still a notch below that movie's league.	Director Bennett Miller, along with Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill, take a niche subject and turn it into a sharp, funny, and touching portrait worthy of baseball lore.
The film uses its surprisingly sly humor to win over the audience and also manages to say quite a bit about the differences between the haves and have-nots of the world, yet without becoming too full of itself.	On the surface, Caterina in the Big City is like Mean Girls, Italian-style. But it's much more layered than that.	Like its heroine, Caterina in the Big City is delightfully unclassifiable, a modest, unassuming movie, but a rule-breaker nonetheless.	Caterina is smart, sassy, compassionate and critical.	Teghil, with her soft, plain features and sad eyes, gives a sweet, honest, unaffected performance that brings Virzi's themes to full bloom in the bosom of teenage anxiety...	This witty movie succeeds as both a modest teen coming-of-age story and a satirical microcosm of Italy's political climate.
An affectionate, riotously funny parody that freely takes jabs at various elements of its subject but never seems mean-spirited or malintentioned.	Boldly going where few parodies have gone before.	The entire cast is game for the ridiculous, while Stan Winston's aliens and ILM visual effects give this the gloss of a straight-faced sci-fi spectacle. Beam on up.	A frivolous but funny comedy with great special effects and admirable performances. This should become a lasting classic, even for people who don't watch Star Trek, which it so cleverly spoofs.	With dry, understated wit and an attitude that is giddy without being sophomoric, Galaxy Quest succeeds in being one of the more enjoyable comedies of the season.	Intelligent and humorous satire with an excellent cast -- no previous Trekkie knowledge needed to enjoy this one.
My Winnipeg is like no documentary you've ever seen.	Deep, rich sound accompanies distressed, often unfocused black-and-white shots of nighttime winter streets, garishly lit interiors and archival footage. Splashes of color in cut-out animation segs add to the texture.	A fine salute to a place that, like Maddin's mind, comes off as a packrat for barely surviving memories.	For the uninitiated, I heartily recommend this free-associative, autobiographical gem.	Guy Maddin docu about his hometown gives fans everything they'd expect, plus a few moments of unexpected sincerity.	My Winnipeg is a charmingly irreverent 'docu-fantasy' from the unpredictable mind of Guy Maddin.
All this witless tastelessness is headed toward happiness for all concerned. Their happiness will not equal yours when you see the credits finally rolling.	What this is really about is yet another entry in one of the more loathsome comedy genres, the humiliation of the hero.	[Krasinski and Moore] have bankable chemistry, and it allows License to float along for longer than you'd think possible.	It's supposedly a romantic comedy, so imagine a couple of hilarious physical jokes -- you know, a guy takes a baseball to the face, ha-ha -- and channel in a few moments of Robin Williams doing his improv shtick around some key words.	If you can't predict how it all turns out, you've never seen a family sitcom.	Featuring one of Robin Williams' most shtick-heavy performances, the broad and formulaic License to Wed wrings little out of its slightly creepy, unappealing premise.
By its midpoint, however, Thornton has begun forcing both the film's poetry and the preternatural goodness of its simple-minded protagonist, and Sling Blade's sweet charms begin to curdle.	Thornton offers a subtle, thoughtful script, generally sensitive direction, and an understated performance, uh-huh.	An abundance of long, flat medium shots that rob the film of intimacy and give it a sleepy pace.	There is almost nothing slipshod about the film and I suspect that it will only seem more impressive the further we get from the flurry of hype ...	If you can adjust to Thornton's extremely mannered performance, the piece is effectively chilly.	You will see what's coming, but the masterful performances, especially Thornton's, will leave you riveted.
Strongly infused with an unmistakably exotic Bollywood flair while addressing themes and concerns that are universal-namely, the bonds of family and, most importantly, love.	Nair keeps the disparate threads of the many interfamily relationships under control and shows just how universal dysfunction can be.	Some movies present an idealized view of marriage and family; others seem eager to debunk it. Mira Nair's exuberant art-house crowd-pleaser takes the third way.	... among the most universal of films	an outpouring of joyousness	An insightful, energetic blend of Hollywood and Bollywood styles, Monsoon Wedding is a colorful, exuberant celebration of modern-day India, family, love, and life.
The investigation and the clues that lead to the murderer are well thought out and continually provocative. As a narrative, the film is quite involving.	The film's rewards lie in its characterizations, thought, atmosphere, action, mystery, and suspense.	Seven, a grisly social allegory drawn in blood and spawned in despair, casts a lingering, malodorous spell.	It's certainly unnerving -- gory and sometimes frightening -- but it's also fairly standard, even predictable.	Lean back, peer into the darkness, oh, and hold on to your popcorn and your date exceptionally tight when they get to 'sloth.'	A brutal, relentlessly grimy shocker with taut performances, slick gore effects, and a haunting finale.
When making a point about the sanctity of life, the argument is so much stronger when all life falls into that category, not just the chosen	Its tale was more tame and thoughtful when Steven Spielberg, having done the related Artificial Intelligence, pitched it to Bay. But Bay, being Bay, punched it up, hiring script doctors to mainline some action.	Unapologetically action-oriented but it has a passionate subtext too - this Michael Bay's take on every sci-fi movie ever made.	As pretty, very human stars, McGregor and Johansson put the main sizzle into The Island, since we've seen this plotline, and this Brave New World, in better sci-fi films.	About half-way through The Island I realized what had happened: Director Michael Bay just plain went nuts behind the camera.	A clone of THX 1183, Coma, and Logan's Run, The Island is another loud and bombastic Michael Bay movie where explosions and chases matter more than characters, dialogue, or plot.
Just looks and plays a lot like Johnny Mnemonic, Double Dragon and other video-game-inspired, mayhem-filled messes.	Like watching a lot of sweaty fist fights while trapped in the world's loudest night club.	In the realm of movies adapted from video games, "Mortal Kombat" sucks the least...	Likely to satisfy only the core audience already hooked on video and arcade games, and even that's not a sure thing.	...a one-note gimmick that comes with everything but a joystick for the viewer to control the robotic characters.	Despite an effective otherwordly atmosphere and appropriately cheesy visuals, Mortal Kombat suffers from its poorly constructed plot, laughable dialogue, and subpar acting.
As a performer, Stone is neither a vapid plastic-enhanced bimbo nor so surly as to not be appealing. She has star wattage and strut -- and she's utterly confident carrying a movie solo.	A movie that charms its way to being the kind of well-crafted teen touchstone that very well could become to today's generation what Ferris Bueller was to teens of the '80s.	This isn't just the sharpest high-school comedy in years, it's also the funniest movie of any kind in 2010 so far.	Amusing fluff foolishly paced as if it's Crank: High Voltage.	A strong idea that wanders out of focus in the second half. But it never falls apart thanks to Stone, making excellent on her early promise. Power to her.	It owes a huge debt to older (and better) teen comedies, but Easy A proves a smart, witty showcase for its irresistibly charming star, Emma Stone.
Aoyama needs to put the editing into other hands.	Not always dramatically satisfying but fascinating and mesmerizing to watch.	Don't let the running time scare you away from the exceptional bit of filmmaking.	This is a film to visually savor.	"Eureka" churns with unsettled emotions under a serene surface and a dark murder mystery that hangs over its soul-scarred orphans.	With its subtitles and a running time nearing four hours, Eureka certainly places demands upon its viewers. For those with the patience, however, this visually lovely film builds to an emotionally resonant vision of transcendence.
...the story line was about as thin as an ice rink in the desert.	The romantic comedy parts of Mr. & Mrs. Smith work better than the action/thriller parts. But nonetheless, it's a fun ride at the movies that's sure to please everyone.	É um passatempo descartável: tem sua parcela de momentos engraçados, é verdade, mas confia demais no charme de Pitt e Jolie para funcionar, faltando-lhe substância.	A rousing, sexy romantic comedy about a pair of undercover assassins who spice up their marriage when they get in each other's cross hairs.	full review in Greek	Although this action-romance suffers from weak writing and one too many explosions, the chemistry generated by onscreen couple Pitt and Jolie is palpable enough to make this a thoroughly enjoyable summer action flick.
A charming portrait of two lonely hearts who connect across a city of more than 20 million people.	There's nothing wildly original here, but it's carried off with charm and wit, and a pair of very enjoyable central performances.	A wistful, elegant love story played out across the streets of Mumbai, The Lunchbox is an unexpectedly aromatic charmer from first-time film-maker Ritesh Batra.	"What do we live for?" is the question that pops up in The Lunchbox, a romance set in Mumbai. The film, a first feature from Ritesh Batra, aims to offer a meaningful answer: We live, ideally, for love.	We will be hearing more from this exciting young filmmaker.	Warm, affectionate, and sweet but not cloying, The Lunchbox is a clever crowd-pleaser from first-time director Ritesh Batra.
A giddy helping of artful violence delivered with a wink and a cheeky grin. Unsurprisingly, John Wick 2 is already in the works.	It's a movie with a stunt-man's heart - real fights, no robots, muscle cars.	Kinetic revenge yarn with wrinkles drive-in movie critic Joe Bob Briggs might appreciate, like martial arts moves at point blank bullet range; what he'd call gun fu. There's also car fu, knife fu & beagle fu but the less said about that, the better.	It's smart but not so smart that it doesn't deliver good, dumb thrills.	Just as he did in Speed and The Matrix, Reeves has found a way to take an action genre and do it just a little bit better than everyone else.	Stylish, thrilling, and giddily kinetic, John Wick serves as a satisfying return to action for Keanu Reeves -- and what looks like it could be the first of a franchise.
It succeeds, if unevenly.	Guerilla storytelling on a profound level.	It will break your heart. Never manipulative and unflinchingly honest ... it's filled with poignant images and painfully accurate dialog.	An attention-grabbing showcase for three promising actresses in sharply drawn lead roles.	Socially relevant and convincing, On The Outs should help to raise awareness that violent crime is no longer a man problem.	With powerful lead performances, this gritty docudrama about the desperate lives of three young women in Jersey City packs an emotional wallop.
Lowell has little to say about loss and love. But there's a talking parrot, and on some days, that's enough.	After these 97 minutes, resting in peace sounds pretty good.	Even the worst movies are capable of bending the laws of time. Still, there's something really special about the way Over Her Dead Body makes its 93 minutes seem more like nine hours.	A one-eyelash-above-average supernatural rom-com.	The line is fine between cute and annoying.	With few laughs and little romantic chemistry, Over Her Dead Body lacks the ingredients of a successful romantic comedy.
It may not address every need of a commercially conscious viewer, but those with enough patience will be rewarded with something rich - and revelatory.	If the whole trips up with an ordinary first few chapters, Rapace, Blomqvist and Oplev ensure that it delivers in the end.	The picture, reduced to a black-and-white kind of manhunt, is visually black-and-white as well. It's set in the snowy landscape of rural Sweden, where the self-effacing and pale-faced Blomkvist blends into the wintry scenes.	The story that was so compelling on the page, about the disappearance of a teenage girl 40 years earlier, feels simplified and literal.	A chilling detective tale, a horrific sexual abuse drama and an overlong, emotional, tie-up-every-loose-end melodrama that is sure to be half an hour shorter when Hollywood remakes it without Swedish dialogue and probably without the cool Swedish edge.	Its graphic violence and sprawling length will prove too much for some viewers to take, but Noomi Rapace's gripping performance makes The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo an unforgettable viewing experience.
The Zellner Brothers' Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is as strange, surreal, and darkly funny as it is ultimately tragic.	The film, especially in its second half, after Kumiko lands at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, is resolutely more invested in, and sympathetic toward, its heroine than her fetish objects.	A work of rigorously disciplined eccentricity, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is at once entirely accessible and yet appealing only to a rarified crowd ready to key into its narrow-bandwidth sense of humor.	The movie is lovely to look at. Its compositions make clever use of color and space, and Kumiko, in a crimson shawl on the snowy plains, is a striking figure.	There's little doubt that Kikuchi has put a lot of herself into the role of Kumiko, but the film doesn't probe very deep. The film upholds the annoying tradition of festival cinema of being an extended anecdote rather than a sustained story.	Powerfully acted and lovely to look at, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter offers a treat for cinephiles with a taste for the pleasantly peculiar.
The animators have done a tremendous job of making the animals fit in each scene.	This big-budget marvel raises the bar for the animation community, even if its script doesn't have the spark and sheer entertainment value of recent Disney cartoon features.	Offers $200 million in special effects and a script worth about 2 cents. Still, that won't bother the picture's target audience.	Indeed a sight to behold--and one well worth paying the full movie ticket price to see--but it could've been a more nourishing feast for the mind.	A mi parecer, esta produccin se hizo para lucimiento de la animacin... y vaya si lo consigue!	While Dinosaur's plot is generic and dull, its stunning computer animation and detailed backgrounds are enough to make it worth a look.
played out with a squirm-inducing tension that occasionally supersedes the instinct to breathe	If constructing a thriller could be likened to building a house, then Wes Craven's Red Eye is a perfect piece of architecture: It's clean-lined and soundly structured, without a foot of wasted space or any materials left unused.	That all-too-rare Hollywood creation: a tightly wound, intelligent, and gimmick-free suspense film.	An especially effective and efficient thriller.	Craven serves up a giddy and taut psychological thriller that will have audiences proudly reaching for their assigned barf bags.	With solid performances and tight direction from Wes Craven, Red Eye is a brisk, economic thriller.
As soon as Kate lets drop that her favorite author is Jane Austen and the Nick Drake songs kick in on the soundtrack, you know this movie won't be taking any prisoners. Don't fight it with logic, because you'll lose.	The sluggish pace weighs down the story and the ending is thought-provoking, but not in a good way.	Not to spoil anything, but frankly, the two leads have more chemistry in the scenes where their characters are apart than they do when they're together.	Reunites the stars of Speed for a film that's beautifully shot but about as unspeedy as humanly possible.	The list of inconsistencies is far too long and laborious to recount.	The plot of The Lake House is a little too convoluted, and the film fails to pull off the sweeping romance it aims for.
What's fresh about this concept is how it turns perfect intelligence into a superpower and tries to imagine its real-world applications. What's less fresh is the ensuing plot...	The visuals are giddy, illustrating Eddie's high with fun house lenses, over-exposed colors, supersonic edits -- and, when side effects kick in, dizzying flights through the streets of New York.	Too bad Leslie Dixon tapped less than 20 percent of hers while penning her underdeveloped script.	Some of its conceits may not hold up under intense scrutiny, but, generally speaking, it's a good time at the movies.	...even as we're dragged along by its brisk pacing and occasionally smart twists, there's a nagging feeling a better film's in here waiting to be made.	Although its script is uneven, Neil Burger directs Limitless with plenty of visual panache, and Bradley Cooper makes for a charismatic star.
These stories, coupled with the church's history of attacking critics and its criminal activity in securing its tax-free status, make for a hair-raising, but all too credible, exposé.	We hear the other side -- the people who have left the organization ... What they have to say is equal parts fascinating, disquieting, and downright frightening.	A triumph of content over form: You could eliminate even more of Going Clear and still have it play like an early contender for the scariest film of 2015.	This impeccably assembled and argued film represents a brave, timely intervention into debates around the organization that have been simmering for some time.	Alas, Alex Gibney's Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief is merely a competent and informative documentary, a snappy collation of everything you've already heard and read about L Ron Hubbard's dubious money-spinning, ahem, "religion".	Thoroughly disquieting but impossible to ignore, Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief is a searing investigative work from a master documentarian.
First Descent comes off as an overlong, overstuffed promo for an 'industry' that hasn't needed promoting since the movie's target audience was in diapers.	A sports documentary that occasionally veers toward becoming a lovesick advertisement for a popular sport but winds up celebrating with sweet earnestness the headstrong individual and his or her community of likeminded renegades.	While snowboarding enthusiasts will eat up every minute of its two-hour running time, it's thin stuff for the unconverted.	They're amazing athletes.	It's a sweaty-palmed blast watching the five daredevils risk their lives to be the first person to hurtle down what was thought to be unridable terrain. Hold your breath and hang on.	This snowboarding doc scores with its dazzling array of snowboarding stunts and beautiful scenery, but loses points with shameless product placement and an overlong runtime.
Less rocking on and better jokes would have made Tenacious D seem more than just tenacious.	The first ten minutes are brilliant and then, for the most part, the fun (and music) screech to a halt.	For teenaged metalheads who don't know any better, this may seem like fun.	It's hard to complain too much about this loosey-goosey romp's patchiness when one of the rocking songs features the lyric "You're gonna gargle mayonnaise"...and the reference isn't to Hellman's.	Tenacious D: The Pick of Destiny has some low-brow laughs, but ultimately the silliness of the story and Black's frantic antics aren't enough to sustain the 90-minute plus running time.	Tenacious D fan will find this movie hilarious; everybody else will see only a low-brow concept movie and a small assembly of jokes stretched past the 100 minute mark.
Consider this movie the remix to all those testosterone-fueled sports flicks with an overabundance of half-naked chicks.	I found a rare moment when I couldn't predict where it was headed, but John Stockwell directs at such a breezy clip and the surfing shots are so galvanizing, I didn't mind.	It's pretty standard teen fare, although the gorgeous surf cinematograpy helps distinguish Blue Crush from the pack.	When the movie attempts to tell a story on land, you might want to bring along a flashlight and a magazine.	First and foremost...the reason to go see "Blue Crush" is the phenomenal, water-born cinematography by David Hennings.	The surfing sequences are exhilarating, but the plot is pretty forgettable and trite.
True to its aim, Jackass 2 probably will leave fans more satisfied than the vast majority of films this year have left moviegoers.	If anything, we can always count on Johnny Knoxville's Jackass crew to find creative new ways to make us squirm.	You laugh, you cringe, you wonder what the hell modern civilization is coming to.	The images burn into the retina like the spots you get from staring at the sun.	The only thing that might be considered amusing in the entire film are scenes in which the irksome Bam Margera finally gets some comeuppance.	Better than any sequel to a movie of a television show has a right to be, Jackass: Number Two dares you not to laugh.
No other filmmaker has made such a bold statement about the parallels of societal violence that exist between cultures, whether Ancient Eastern, Mafioso, or Urban gangster.	A handsomely shot, cool-sounding head-scratcher of a film that probably isn't worth the wear on the fingernails.	The director ladles on winking ironies and surprise chuckles.	...I was lulled by the relaxed storytelling.	Forest Whitaker is superb in the title role. THE RZA's score is sublime. Heck, even director Jarmusch deserves kudos for this one.	An innovative blend of samurai and gangster lifestyles.
Fonda is terrific playing the mess that is Viola. Her introduction tells you everything you need to know about her: after learning she has been fired she attacks a vacuous Britney Spears clone on air. It never reaches that kind of mean-spirited fun again.	A one-joke comedy that achieves the oxymoronic feat of being fluffy and flat at the same time.	If Director Luketic and Writer Kochoff have to fall back on these unfunny, antediluvian routines, they should learn another trade.	The catfight battle between Fonda and Lopez barely reaches a simmer before all is forgiven and the audience is dismissed from their seats.	Yet another decently made but utterly forgettable comedy.	While Jane Fonda steals the movie in her return to the screen, a tired script and flimsy performances make this borderline comedy fall flat.
Problems are addressed in a narrative progression that gets more horrendous and builds into utter despair, except for the final few words of activism and optimism.	Flow is the kind of terrifying, impending-apocalypse documentary none of us wants to watch but all of us probably should; it isn't the most enjoyable experience you'll have at the movies this year, but I wouldn't doubt if it's one of the most eye-opening.	Yeah, we really don't have enough to worry about these days. So why not grab a Pellegrino and see "Flow," Irena Salina's documentary about the end of the world's water supply as we know it?	Offers up a call-to-arms against bottled water conglomerates that, in its structural sloppiness, feels like a high school student's tossed-off research paper.	This documentary finds a good balance between terrifying statistics, depressing images, talking heads, and hopeful suggestions.	Flow is an informative, disturbing and enthralling film that highlights a criminally underreported problem.
Considered by many to be a modern horror classic, Halloween succeeds through simplicity.	To call Halloween merely brilliant isn't giving it enough credit. As a horror film and as a historical milestone that single-handedly shaped and altered the future of an entire genre, it's downright transcendent.	It's hard to get behind a main character who's so unexciting. But maybe Michael Myers is the real main character. In which case, mission accomplished: I'm freaked out.	Made on a tiny budget of $300,000, and shot in only 20 days, Halloween is one of the most influential, imitated, and commercial indies in American film history.	The film hits us at a level deeper than most slasher films, and even as we are entertained by it, we are drawn in by its powerful suspense and implications.	Scary, suspenseful, and viscerally thrilling, Halloween set the standard for modern horror films.
So awful that even true believers will have difficulty staying awake.	Whatever the central message, the movie's still a blundering cringefest, thanks to unintentionally laughable dialogue, hackneyed writing and uninspired direction.	The movie's script, acting, and production values are not up to the standards of mainstream Hollywood theatrical productions, but it is filmed with a lot of sincerity.	A classic case of preaching to the converted, this relentlessly boring movie is unlikely to appeal to anyone except hard-core fans of Christian sci-fi.	A weak proselytizing device masquerading as a movie.	Poor production values, slow pacing, and an implausible story makes Left Behind a movie only for the faithful.
A few great moments wedged into a fairly bland film.	The upside of Mike Binder's deeply flawed attempt to marry midlife romantic comedy with domestic farce is two nearly perfect performances by Joan Allen and Kevin Costner.	l, yet the movie's There's spiky humour and ample breathing room for the material, yet the movie's rather too intent on parading its own wisdom.	An engrossing and well-acted psychodrama about the toxic side-effects of anger, a potent and volatile emotion.	Intriguing for most of the way, only to be undermined by a late revelation that confuses its thesis beyond repair.	A comedy/ drama for grown-ups, with fine performances by Joan Allen and Kevin Costner.
Shaun of the Dead stands up as a horror movie as well as a comedy.	Amid all the blood and gore -- and laughs -- Shaun also has something to say.	It works best when it treats [the zombies] more as an impediment to be overcome by the sheer Britishness of the characters.	Arguably the most intelligent, hilarious sendup of the horror genre seen in decades.	Shaun is able to balance the comedy and the gore in a way that will satisfy both zombie genre fans and less bloodthirsty viewers.	Shaun of the Dead cleverly balances scares and witty satire, making for a bloody good zombie movie with loads of wit.
Woody Allen's latest comedy-drama features superb performances from a traditionally impressive cast but is let down by a disappointing script that seems to actively avoid dramatic impact.	It's as if the dour Interiors had been reworked by a more forgiving, generous filmmaker who wants to move beyond stereotypes and discover what he calls the "beautiful and ironic" aspects of life.	Piecemeal to a fault, Woody Allen's latest is a drop in the bucket compared to the auteur's early films...	Is genuine happiness possible, Allen wonders, and can it last? As Charmaine and Cristal suggest, enlightenment comes at a price. And all things considered, 12 bucks seems like a bargain.	Although Allen's field of poorly adjusted people may be interesting to watch run around for a while, they shed little new light on an already well-expressed cynical point of view.	It's sporadically amusing, and typically well-cast, but You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger isn't one of Woody Allen's more inspired late-period efforts.
I had better write my review as soon as possible because it's going to fade from memory pronto--it bearing such little resemblance to humanity as I know it.	You don't necessarily believe these are real folks but boy they sure are entertaining.	Lichtenstein dutifully unpacks the family's unhappy past, but he's so easily distracted by surreal dream sequences and colorful supporting characters that his main story gradually dries up into a sitcom.	Happy Tears is less of a mess than it looks like, despite its quirk-infested, baggy midsection.	Hollywood's strong female actors have in Lichtenstein a young talent who gives them the roles they deserve.	Replete with quirky indie cliches, Happy Tears wastes some fine performances from Demi Moore, Parker Posey, and Rip Torn on stale formula.
There are a few scenes that feel like something right out of a Scorsese film, which underlies the thin line between the drama and the comedy of the gangster lifestyle.	A one joke movie that never really takes us anywhere particularly clever.	A sitcom disguised as a movie!	Magnific!	A reliable piece of fluff that delivers the goods.	Analyze This is a satisfying comedy with great performances by De Niro and Crystal.
I'm pleased to report that Shanghai Noon is the best Jackie Chan movie in many moons.	This plot has made the rounds in umpteen action flicks, but director Tom Dey seems to have more on his mind as he gleefully sends up the Hollywood western.	Far too much time passes between good punches and punch lines.	Shanghai Noon is a Jackie Chan flick set in the Old West. If that inventive screwball setup isn't enough by itself to get you itching to see the movie, please feel free to read on.	Jackie Chan continues his late-blooming cinematic conquest of Hollywood with this oafish Wild West comedy, an often funny, formulaic, and sometimes bumbling, buddy movie.	Although the plot is really nothing to brag about, Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson work well together. The cinematography looks great, and Jackie delivers a hilarious performance. This is an old-fashioned crowd-pleaser.
Blue Ruin is an awesome and bloody thriller that also takes a good, hard look at the toll revenge can have on individuals as well as those around them.	...a rueful repudiation of the adage that revenge is sweet.	A twitchily well-acted thriller, as well as a suspenseful and sometimes very funny examination of revenge.	A cunning, suspenseful thriller that bears comparison to the Coen brothers' Blood Simple, Blue Ruin is an impossible-to-ignore calling card from writer/director Jeremy Saulnier. Hollywood awaits.	[A]n atmospheric, elegant piece, a more delicate, intriguingly nervous piece of pulp noir.	Smart, stripped-down, and thrillingly grim, Blue Ruin proves that a well-told revenge story can still leave its audience on the edge of their seat.
Few filmmakers are better at setting up a sight gag than co-director/co-creators Nick Park and Peter Lord.	The filmmakers' care for the story and its telling is somehow obvious to even the youngest viewer.	Chicken Run delivers.	Chicken Run Movie Review	Like the computer animators at Pixar, the stop-motion wizards at Aardman realize their technical prowess would be wasted without a worthy script.	Chicken Run has all the charm of Nick Park's Wallace & Gromit, and something for everybody. The voice acting is fabulous, the slapstick is brilliant, and the action sequences are spectacular.
One of the hippest and most enjoyable movies of the 90s. This ROCKS!	Empire Records is little more than a poor man's Clerks, but an entertaining one.	Lovably sloppy.	Insubstantial, predictable and often dull.	[Leaves the] impression of artificiality.	Despite a terrific soundtrack and a strong early performance from Renee Zellweger, Empire Records is mostly a silly and predictable teen dramedy.
Hedges peppers it with enough wonderful moments that you can't help warming up to it.	Funny-sober, high-brow situation comedy, about family, holidays and the perils of uncooked poultry, unpaid utility bills.	A collection of indie clichés, it's about as refreshing as being slapped in the face by a five-week-old kipper.	It looks like what it is: a movie shot quickly, with digital cameras and on the cheap, but with enough talent on screen to keep the audience engaged.	'Pieces of April' was an extremely bad song (memory bouquet...ugh), so there's every reason to think the movie will be better. And it is... slightly.	A delightful, heartfelt comedy.
"A Brilliant Young Mind" is smart and perceptive, and it's also stunningly sensitive to human needs.	It is nicely feel-good, is less manipulative than it could have been, and is well played by the high-calibre cast.	Affecting drama about math whiz tackles loss, special needs.	A strong cast elevates this sweet British drama.	Take the story of a young maths prodigy, add three notable performances, subtract any of the by-the-numbers mawkishness you might expect, and the result is X+Y, a small gem of a Brit flick.	A Brilliant Young Mind is tender and perceptive -- and intelligent enough to find a wealth of dramatic riches buried under well-trod narrative ground.
A 'slice of life' from filmmakers who, however earnest their intentions, can't offer anything but cheerless Celtic proletarian whimsy.	A very good, offbeat movie with a very bad, offbeat title.	Ms. Scherfig and Mr. Jenson have fashioned one of the most exquisitely life-affirming and love-affirming cinematic experiences of the year.	Though Scherfig is still partially enrolled in the Dogme school, her movie finds a happy balance with its equally adept eye for wide-screen composition and the raw complexity of real human emotion.	You can almost believe that Sives and Rawlins are brothers, while the oft-used Henderson ... is solid, as usual.	Despite its morbid subject matter, Wilbur is a charming and often funny film.
This comedy far exceeds the time span over which watching people acting dumb and making funny faces remains funny.	The cast is talented and funny, but the story throws in too much unnecessary sentiment that keeps them from piling on the laughs consistently.	O filme consegue divertir e demonstra ter potencial para uma continuaзгo.	Roughly half the jokes in Zoolander fall flat, but they're all delivered with such energy and enthusiasm, even the dud gags are never annoying.	I laughed from start to finish at the film, and some of the potshots Stiller takes at the modeling profession are classic.	A wacky satire on the fashion industry, Zoolander is one of those deliberately dumb comedies that can deliver genuine laughs.
Panic is the kind of movie that reminds you of other movies, then turns that familiarity into an asset.	...the film never really takes off.	There's so much that's fresh and surprising about the film that it deserves to be seen.	A defiantly offbeat and accomplished piece with a dream ensemble acting out one man's nightmare.	Singlehandedly, William H. Macy turns "Panic" into a slimmed-down "American Beauty" - a passive man lashing out to break a cycle of dissatisfaction and familial strife for happiness, however fleeting.	This quirky little film about a gangster in therapy feels fresh and well-crafted.
[story] paths intersect through the twists and turns of the film, making this a coherent, serious thriller.	The shadowy connections between her various adversaries, or torturers, can be difficult to keep straight. Still, everything makes sense, apart from a few giddy leaps of logic, and the commanding figure of Ms. Rapace always fills center stage.	If there's a way to make this riveting on screen, the Swedes adapting the first two books haven't figured it out.	Part 2 of subtitled crime trilogy with same brutality, sex.	The story keeps you on pins and needles as layers are peeled away like an onion. Rapace is brilliant and so sure of herself in the lead role. She burns up the screen with her intensity and you...	Noomi Rapace and Michael Nyqvist remain extraordinarily well-suited to their roles, but the second installment in Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy doesn't pack quite as much punch as the first.
Straightforward in telling Swartz' story..a solid film on an important topic,	A devastating meditation on what can happen when a prescient thinker challenges corporate interests and the power of the state.	An essential - and enraging - documentary about the life, career, and death of Internet activist Aaron Swartz, a danger to corporate hegemony whose work could not be allowed to continue.	It isn't great cinema, but it's capable and gripping advocacy filmmaking that took less than a year, start to finish, and will introduce a much wider audience to the issues behind the life and death of Aaron Swartz.	"Both tragic and eye-opening. Go see it and get angry."	Informative and enraging in equal measure, The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz uses its subject's tragic tale to deliver an impassioned call to action.
If fun means money, this is near bankrupt.	It's formless and toothless and, most critically, not all that fun.	The film coasts on Carrey's enthusiasm alone and without him, I can only imagine how lackluster this remake would be.	Dick and Jane is running the ball on third down, asking your ex to the prom or attending junior college. It's a safety flick, and nothing else.	Fun with Dick and Jane produces a handful of big laughs - big enough to make it worth a recommendation.	This muddled comedy has a few laughs, but never sustains a consistent tone.
Eastwood highlights the personal relationships in a way that is gentle, funny and authentic.	There is much potential with the cast.	The most appealing thing the squinty-eyed director has made since 1992's Unforgiven.	Like its stars, the movie may be a little creaky sometimes, but it suffers from no lack of attitude.	...an equivocal movie that can't seem to decide whether to play its ridiculous premise straight.	While the plot is overly cliched, the suberb acting by the stars (especially the tense interactions between Clint Eastwood and Tommy Lee Jones) and the spectacular special effects make this a movie worth seeing.
If it loses in the inevitable comparison to Blade Runner, it does establish a world of chilling risk, in which the main murder victim is privacy.	Only the latest Spielberg film to work best as an analogy for his middle-late career.	A mesmerizing whodunit.	A movie of haunting images and mindless thrills.	Amazingly, Spielberg... has managed to suppress his own worst excesses and create a movie that does justice to Dick's ideas.	Thought-provoking and visceral, Steven Spielberg successfully combines high concept ideas and high octane action in this fast and febrile sci-fi thriller.
An uneasy blend of tones and styles, a disappointing return to the spotlight by its star and another jumbled effort by its director.	The deeper into which this film travels in both plot and character behavior and motivation, the further it sinks into muck and general absurdities.	The Beach is the kind of literary rubbish that makes you trace the patterns in the carpet while you're supposed to be watching the screen.	The real downfall of the movie is that there's only so much meaningful interplay you can get out of a beachful of slackers and some tanning oil.	Lacks imagination and energy.	Critics say The Beach is unfocused and muddled, a shallow adaptation of the novel it is based on. Points go to the gorgeous cinematography, though.
Kim's movie conjures a sense of spiritual discipline as suspenseful as it is stunning to watch and exhilarating to contemplate.	A masterful portrait of the seasons of a life.	As the seasons pass, lessons are learned, mistakes are made and, inevitably, many audience members are put to sleep.	In some ways, this is less a movie than a meditation. But that doesn't mean, like any meditation, it doesn't offer its own rewards.	As meditative and beautiful as its title would indicate.	A visually stunning and contemplative piece of work.
A manically generous Christmas vaudeville.	Intended as a wackily good natured satire of urban life for African Americans, this movie is really just a stereotype-laden snoozefest.	Neither as good as its direct ancestor nor as clever as the original Friday, this is, to put it bluntly, all seeds and stems.	Something to offend everyone.	A Christmas Story it's not, but there are worse ways you could spend your holi-daze in the 'hood.	This Friday installment is more shapeless and stale than its predecessors.
A movie that is part caper comedy, part suburban satire, and all Eighties.	Paul Brickman makes a splashy debut with a stylish youth satire that conveys more vividly Reagonomics and the corrupt and decadent decade of 1980s than serious dramas like Wall Street; it's also a wonderful showcase for Tom Cruise, who became a star.	Mildly diverting, wildly overrrated.	Seeing [Cruise] so baby faced is the biggest surprise, but his talent was definitely visible.	For writer/director Paul Brickman, this was a case of being in the right place at the right time and, perhaps most importantly, getting the right leading man in place.	Featuring one of Tom Cruise's best early performances, Risky Business is a sharp, funny examination of teen angst that doesn't stop short of exploring dark themes.
Brooks can rightly lay claim to a dizzying film and TV résumé, but an effort like this should be advertised as being "from the man who brought you 'Spanglish.'"	It feels less like a coherent narrative than a series of vignettes in which the characters say improbably witty things and act in ways that aren't tethered to rational behavior. We sense them performing for the camera.	Unconventional rom-com that is really neither but gets by on the charisma of the cast including Whiterspoon and especially Rudd who can do no wrong.	It does some of what it sets out to accomplish and most viewers will depart the theater with at least the beginnings of a warm, fuzzy feeling. These days, it's hard to ask for much more.	It is a keenly observed movie about loss of identity and finding love, in which Brooks serves up funny-ouch humor with slapstick heartbreak.	How Do You Know boasts a quartet of likeable leads -- and they deserve better than this glib, overlong misfire from writer/director James L. Brooks.
Let the suspense end... it's a fantastic film on many levels.	Revolutions encerrou de maneira melancólica uma saga que teve início de forma inteligente e promissora.	So tedious and unoriginal that it's more like The Matrix Repetitions, with one numbing battle sequence after another, all of them looking like outtakes from the last Star Wars.	...the Wachowskis' blast of special effects and pointless plot complications...is such a failure that it threatens to retroactively sully the virtues of the first film.	Though inferior to its predecessors, Revolutions does manage to keep the eyes intrigued for two hours of solid and well-photographed action sequences.	A disappointing conclusion to the Matrix trilogy as characters and ideas take a back seat to the special effects.
After you see this delightful black comedy about a hit man gone to seed, you'll never again pigeonhole Brosnan as a tuxedo-clad sophisticate with nerves of steel.	There's a Tarantino-esque vibe to this film, but it does not have Tarantino's acid bite.	This occasionally stylish effort from writer/director Richard Shepard just can't make up for its lightweight script.	The destination isn't much to get excited about, but you're in good company along the way.	Julian speaks for the film when he says, 'I'm a wreck, I'm a parody.'	This humorously amoral, oddball comic thriller features strong performances by Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear as a flamboyant, aging hit-man and an out of work suburban businessman, respectively.
A fascinating documentary about the first single-handed around-the-world sailing race, begins like a Boy's Own adventure tale but ends up more akin to tragedy.	One of the year's best documentaries.	Osmond and Rothwell's depiction of his unraveling is an exquisitely structured drama.	One of this year's better studies of the human soul.	Despite the flaws in the structure and story of Deep Water, Osmond and Rothwell display great skill at keeping their audience informed.	Equal parts mystery and biography, Deep Water is both an engrossing documentary and an affecting treatise on human folly and obsession.
With all of the talent and effort put into this, the movie only amounts to a bunch of premature ideas that are clumped together, making little sense.	Middle road Disney animation, unmemorable.	It's not a good film, but for one with the reputation of being the studio's worst animated feature, it shows that interesting work is done in it.	John Hurt's gravelly voice of the Horned King steals the show.	This is the 25th full-length animated feature from Walt Disney studios, and professionally put together as it is, many of the ingredients may seem programmed to those who have seen some of the others.	Ambitious but flawed, The Black Cauldron is technically brilliant as usual, but lacks the compelling characters of other Disney animated classics.
Lionsgate's entree into 3-D animation ignores the characters' animalistic appeal and, instead, rewrites wolf culture in a lifeless romp.	Wolf tale is all about romance, innuendo-filled jokes.	A poorly written and disappointingly animated adventure that may keep the wee'uns happy for a while but will leave the adults snoozing.	After preliminary special-effects high jinks -- wolves bobsledding a hollow log down a twisty mountain run -- Alpha and Omega kicks into An Important Life Lesson.	As with any movie, this kids' film is only as good as its writing -- the jokes, the cute bits, the heart. And that's where Alpha and Omega comes up short.	With bland visuals and a dull, predictable plot, Alpha and Omega is a runt in 2010's animated litter.
Even a longer Amadeus feels and looks just right.	Filled with hundreds of magic moments and dozens of striking scenes, the energetic, vibrant and entertaining Amadeus stands up to repeated viewings over many years.	A smart, intelligent, and sumptuous entertainment, and for a change a Hollywood movie that captures the essence of genius and creativity, in this case Mozart's music and Salieri's sponsorship, without resorting to visual or verbal cliches.	What has to stand as cinema's most successful musical epic.	One of the best American films of the 1980s.	A lavish, entertaining, powerful film about the life and influence, both positive and negative, of one of Western culture's great artists.
The best of the original series, but the most intense, too.	Have you heard of this one? Sequel to Star Wars?	Star Wars made my eyes pop out when I first saw it in 1977!	A dramatic illustration of the continued technical brilliance and leadership of the Lucas production team.	A spectacular piece of work that carries the new "Star Wars" tradition forward.	Dark, sinister, but ultimately even more involving than A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back defies viewer expectations and takes the series to heightened emotional levels.
Aside from some nice Icelandic scenery, Beowulf & Grendel is a ludicrous botch.	Sturla Gunnarsson... took a look at the eighth-century epic poem Beowulf and decided he could cut it down to size. And he has, for better and worse.	Andrew Rai Berzins' script spruces up long stretches of Old English with unexpected bursts of cussing and gleeful vulgarity that feel as misguided as everything else in the film.	This gristle-intensive R-rated version of Beowulf travels a predictable revisionist route.	This movie won't be to everyone's taste, but it will certainly bedevil some dreams.	Despite the impressive Icelandic scenery, Beowulf And Grendel fails to find its footing in the transition from epic tale to the big screen.
With Cassandra's Dream, we may finally be seeing confirmation of what many have suspected for years: that Woody Allen's period of greatness as a filmmaker is over.	Taken for what it is, and without hoping for another Match Point or Crimes and Misdemeanors, Cassandra's Dream is a fine genre film that succeeds at what it attempts, even if it doesn't attempt all that much.	The identical premise is used in Sidney Lumet's Before the Devil Knows You're Dead, which is like a master class in how Allen goes wrong.	Woody Allen's style here is expressly Hitchcockian. The tensions mounted and the ability of the narrative to focus on particular elements that end up meaning nothing put this film in league with the master of suspense.	While Allen's Match Point was an interesting switching of gears ... his new mantle of Patricia Highsmith-esque crime chronicler is wearing thin as well.	Colin Farrell and Tom Wilkinson act up a storm in Cassandra's Dream, but Woody Allen's heavy-handed symbolism and foreshadowing drains the plot of all tension.
There's a reason Fuller found it hard to get gigs in the US through the 70's; his pulp fiction style just didn't play anymore.	... displays both raw power and the hint of war's brutality.	Seven years after Fuller's death, 24 years after its initial, botched release, and almost 60 years after V-E day, The Big Red One is finally here, in a form close to what Fuller intended.	What the movie may lack in Saving Private Ryan-style gloss, it more than makes up for in authenticity, or, in other words, heart.	The cast smartly underplays things, with Marvin being as charismatic as usual playing a man of few words. And Hamill, an actor given to over-the-top outbursts, reins it in here; this may be his best big-screen performance.	The reconstruction of Samuel Fuller's epic account of his days in North Africa in World War II elevates the film into the pantheon of great war movies.
This dark drama is not for kids.	American History X pulls open the wound of American racism and peers inside!	Derrick's journey to hell and the one back are portrayed organically and gradually.	No other feature film takes such a cold hard look at the lure, the culture, and the brotherhood of white supremacy.	A powerful and disturbing drama about prejudice.	A compelling and provocative story led by an excellent performance by Edward Norton.
On her own, Melissa McCarthy is hilarious. So is Rose Byrne. Together, they're spectacularly funny.	Funny enough.	Spy works so well simply because it believes in its star.	One part parody, one part thriller, one part lethal satire of movie sexism.	Spy just gets so much right. You walk away thinking that Susan Cooper could totally put James Bond, Jason Bourne, and Ethan Hunt in a headlock. At the same time, of course.	Simultaneously broad and progressive, Spy offers further proof that Melissa McCarthy and writer-director Paul Feig bring out the best in one another -- and delivers scores of belly laughs along the way.
The science fiction supports the story without overpowering it (and without forcing you to make those pesky "would this really work?" calculations in your head), and the romance is genuine - even if it's virtual.	It doesn't just reflect the ways that technology has irrevocably changed our life, Her challenges the nature of our humanity and exposes a raw nerve.	Her is a gorgeous fable about the way technological innovation is always a crapshoot and about the way such inadvertently violent changes can poke at the human heart. Jonze navigates such tricky spaces with a warmth he's never before shown.	Sweet, smart, insightful, funny and thought-provoking ...	Phoenix delivers a herculean performance, managing to be nerdy, needy, thoughtful and emotional at all the right moments.	Sweet, soulful, and smart, Spike Jonze's Her uses its just-barely-sci-fi scenario to impart wryly funny wisdom about the state of modern human relationships.
Has Stealth shown up on your radar? Shoot it down before it steals 2 hours of your life.	Reflects Cohen's own aesthetic modus operandi of replacing all traces of humanity with digitized artificiality.	Beyond mind-numbing explosions, Stealth's effects are good, especially the whooshing flight scenes. But as Eddie shows, humanity matters, and computer wizardry won't fill an empty plot.	Top Gun's Best of the Best meet 2001's Hal in Rob Cohen's latest sensorial attack, a derivative action-adventure that's basically an ultra-produced videogame	Overlong, disjointed, and rarely compelling, Stealth has the capacity to put viewers into a catatonic state.	Loud, preposterous, and predictable, Stealth borrows heavily and unsucessfully from Top Gun and 2001.
[An] instantly discardable romantic comedy.	Calculated fluff that hinges on a couple of gross miscalculations.	The script is so lazy it snores, and Wayne Wang directs like he walked onto the wrong set - true enough, in its way.	The film works largely through its cannily assembled cast.	Director Wayne Wang proves with Maid in Manhattan that even predictable movies can leave you feeling warm and fuzzy.	Too blandly generic, Maid in Manhattan also suffers from a lack of chemistry between Lopez and Fiennes.
Weird but compelling.	Kirsten Dunst is marvelous as the most adventuresome of the girls, and Josh Hartnett is fine as the high school hunk.	The best thing about Ms. Coppola's adaptation of Jeffrey Eugenides' book is the atmosphere. It has a dreamy quality about it that both excites and mystifies.	Though she wisely foregoes drawing simplistic conclusions from a story brimming with unanswerable questions, Coppola doesn't scratch very far below the surface of this enigmatic fairy tale.	Cool, odd and languorous as its main characters, The Virgin Suicides provides a fittingly postmodern debut for screenwriter/director Sofia Coppola.	Sofia's successful directorial debut lies in the movie's compelling story and the actors' genuine emotions.
An appealingly scruffy if overly programmatic drama.	Is it too early to call for a moratorium on earnest comedy-dramas about overly sensitive, hyper-verbal young men working through emotional crises by having deep, meaningful conversations with manic pixie dream-girls?	Only slightly less clumsy overall than Against the Ropes, but at least it plays to co-star Meg Ryan's ability to suggest volumes of repressed emotion.	Writer-director Jon Kasdan's attempt at character-based dramedy manages some good scenes, but as a whole In the Land of Women feels incomplete and inauthentic.	...a charming, quirky film that doesn't break new ground but has some lovely performances.	While pleasantly acted, In the Land of Women is a dramatically stilted film with underdeveloped characters.
Most of the running time is devoted to sitcom devices involving family members, friends, double meanings, close escapes and sincere heart-to-hearts.	As nice as it is to imagine popular movies depicting lesbian relationships without guilt or trauma, Imagine Me&You ultimately trips over its own daft enthusiasm.	As a directorial and romantic debut, it shows promise for Parker's future projects.	When weak British comedies imitate bad American ones, all we get is mediocrity with more verbal velocity.	Maybe it's a sign of progress that a mediocre gay romantic comedy can enter the mainstream marketplace and not create any stir.	Aside from its lesbian theme, Imagine Me & You can only offer more of the same generic rom-com cliches.
The characters in Mini are played by fine performers (Alec Baldwin, Jeff Goldblum, Carrie-Anne Moss), but they're still one-note.	Mini is too tame for Skina-max and too inane to survive on the art-house circuit. It's a pretentious erotic thriller that gives honest trash a bad name.	Pitch-black and bound to offend anyone who's not on its wavelength, Nick Guthe's entertainingly slick debut is a mordantly funny slice of lust, crime and sleaze life set in the world of L.A.'s industry elite.	It doesn't help that first-time screenwriter/director Nick Guthe created such a superficial group of characters. Few, if any, seem believable or are interesting enough to care about.	Mini's First Time unfortunately degenerates into a sexed-up version of a Law & Order episode.	This black comedy wavers between sleaze and satire, without ever fully committing to either.
It's formula with a capital F, but the high-energy ridiculousness propels it to victory.	I took my parents! We had a great time. Very well directed and edited to a sweet clipping pace. Never a dull moment. This is just good clean family fun!	All ends well, everyone gets what's coming to them, and any 9-year-old girl who does not stand on her seat cushion and cheer has remarkable self-control.	An enjoyable summer movie that kids will love and adults won't object to.	Harmless, witless, unoriginal, uninventive, mildly entertaining and not liable to do any permanent damage to anyone who watches it.	Herbie: Fully Loaded is a decent kids movie that is pretty undemanding for adult viewers.
A stunningly original visual journey to heaven, hell, and beyond.	It's such a lavish, awesome spectacle!	The film lurches ... toward greatness, dazzling the viewer with a spectacular view of heaven that is not only beautiful but also profoundly moving.	Not to say that this disappointing romantic fantasy is derivative, but it seems more like a hodge-podge assembly of scenes from other movies than a cohesive feature film.	In both concept and execution, they testify to painfully banal sensibilities.	An insubstantial plot overshadows the beautiful, surreal scenery.
This may be the most literate of all the spectacles set in antiquity.	Asurprisingly apt companion piece to Paths of Glory in its consideration of the mechanisms of power.	still stands out because it has a certain intelligence and underlying political agenda moving beneath its Technicolor surface	Spartacus is a classic movie and this retored copy looks stunning on the big screen.	The most courageous thing about it, from today's standards, is that it closes without an obligatory happy ending, and an audience that has watched for 187 minutes doesn't get a tidy, mindless conclusion.	Featuring terrific performances and epic action, Kubrick's restored swords-and-sandals epic is a true classic.
Lacks the quality of story, character, humor, and animation that we've come to expect in the seven short years of computer-animated film history.	Dexter's Laboratory, but without the irony.	One of those movies that you watch when you've got nothing better to do, munching jelly babies and smiling at the exuberance on the screen	More clever than we have any right to expect.	A modest and charming bit of family entertainment.	What Jimmy Neutron lacks in computer animation, it makes up for in charm and cleverness.
American micro-budget auteur Aaron Katz makes a delightful leap forward with this slouchy, deadbeat mystery yarn.	The movie completely goes off the rails.	Cold Weather is not near the kind of Marlowe-esque throwback to an era of tough guy speak that Brick was, but it never wanted to be. It is more about wannabes not quite sure what they wannabe.	A detective movie that works much better as a story of sibling bonding.	The result is pretty entertaining, though most of that entertainment derives from Katz's skillful exploitation of gumshoe formula.	For viewers who manage to stay invested in its occasionally aimless story, Cold Weather proves a surprisingly sophisticated blend of mumblecore and indie noir.
It is a satisfying movie going experience that will ensure Mona Lisa is still smiling after the box office receipts are in.	Ideas that are genuinely challenging to people's beliefs don't come from sources like Ron Howard. His movie is a professional, workmanlike effort -- a passable potboiler and not much more.	On film, The Da Vinci Code is not so much a fascinating puzzle as a prolonged slog through material that resists the screen.	Unlike Da Vinci, this is not a masterpiece.	You know a movie's a dud when even its self-flagellating albino killer monk isn't any fun.	What makes Dan Brown's novel a best seller is evidently not present in this dull and bloated movie adaptation of The Da Vinci Code.
It contains all the passion and drama that animated I Killed My Mother, but carried across with greater assurance and technique.	Dolan's characters may for the most part be keenly observed, but it all becomes eye-rolling when he takes his stylization into overdrive.	There are moments of heartbreaking beauty in it - although Dolan is still a work in progress. He'll get better - he's immensely talented - but he's not quite there yet.	You wouldn't want to spend time with any of them; they're pouty, moody, pretentious and otherwise unpleasant. Just like this film.	Hipster's delight.	An art film to the max, Heartbeats intriguing and appealing premise is sometimes buried by director Xavier Dolan's filmmaking flourishes.
It is the audience who will feel cursed.	That the film even tries to be heartfelt is egregious in itself, but "good luck" finding it among the horrendously executed slapstick, equally disastrous gross-out humor, and so much blatant racism, homophobia, and scorn for everyone else.	The final screenplay is as devoid of real emotion as it is of real characters.	Cook has a nice comic personality but zilch in the way of comic material. But then, it's not as if any of those teenage boys are going to care about that.	The sex jokes, all of them clammy and stale, are reminiscent not of Wedding Crashers but of an Eighth Avenue peep-show booth in 1979.	A shortage of laughs and an undercurrent of mean-spiritedness undermine Good Luck Chuck, squandering a decent premise on gross-out humor and shopworn slapstick.
Gripping, elusive and something to be experienced, Che Part Two continues to offer up surprises, frustration and - above all - fascination.	These are films that are certainly thought out clearly but not nearly felt enough.	The persuasiveness of the film's reconstructions is impressive, but there is hardly ever any tension. It's hard to tell exactly what Soderbergh was hoping to achieve.	This second part of the Che saga is beautifully presented but annoyingly rambling at times.	Superbly directed, intriguingly non-traditional biopic with a terrific central performance from Benicio Del Toro, though it drags considerably in the middle section.	The second part of Soderbergh's biopic is a dark, hypnotic and sometimes frustrating portrait of a warrior in decline, with a terrific central performance from Del Toro.
The repeated lifting of material from other films eventually sinks this one into mediocrity.	The picture has one thing going for it: the element of surprise.	Bloody good fun for anyone seeking mindless summer distraction.	There have been some dumb killer-animal movies made before it, but Deep Blue Sea could set a new industry low in that genre's intelligence level.	One of the few good "Jaws" ripoffs ... A thriller with some teeth.	Aside from a few thrills, Deep Blue Sea is unoriginal and unintelligent.
It's like an episode of 24 with furrier overcoats.	Simultaneously simplistic and over-plotted, revisionist and predictable...	Ridley Scott and a vast army of actors, crew and extras produce a massive new Robin Hood that stands with the veteran director's best work.	Robin Hood achieves something you never would have thought possible: it makes you nostalgic for Kevin Costner and Bryan Adams.	It's rattling good entertainment, Scott and Crowe's best since Gladiator. I hope there is a sequel.	Ridley Scott's revisionist take on this oft-told tale offers some fine acting and a few gripping action sequences, but it's missing the thrill of adventure that made Robin Hood a legend in the first place.
Is it possible to run in slow motion and not hear Vangelis? This is the signature of all great films, a classic scene forever imprinted in your imagination.	Chariots is a film for the ages.	A roaringly good examination of competition, nationalism, conscience, and faith played out against a inspiring backdrop of sheer physical exertion and achievement.	Even after 31 years, Chariots of Fire doesn't simply impress; it inspires.	The cast is impeccable from top to bottom, and the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat reliably go for the gut. [Blu-ray]	Decidedly slower and less limber than the Olympic runners at the center of its story, the film nevertheless manages to make effectively stirring use of its spiritual and patriotic themes.
[A] hugely influential docu-drama.	...the ultimate nostalgia movie of all time ...	A hallmark film of the 1970s.	Maybe the best film about teenagers ever made.	Coming-of-age classic still a must-see for teens.	One of the most influential of all teen films, American Graffiti is a funny, nostalgic, and bittersweet look at a group of recent high school grads' last days of innocence.
Skip the Harrison Ford remake and go straight to this original classic.	A perfect Audrey Hepburn vehicle.	It's a Cinderella story that gets turned on its head, a satire about breaking down class and emotional barriers, and a confrontation between New World callousness and Old World humanity.	All in all, Sabrina is an intelligent, mildly entertaining also-ran.	Ignore the critics who say this is one of Billy Wilder's minor works. It is a major movie, a masterpiece of romantic comedy, and it still looks as fresh as a daisy.	With its humorous script and its stars' immense charm, Sabrina remains a resonant romantic gem.
A lively, rollicking, overlong, overstuffed movie that tries my patience as much as it entertains me.	Embracing grand old-school melodrama while critiquing racist old-fashioned politics, Baz Luhrmann's grandiose Australia provides a luxurious bumpy ride.	Never quite locks together into the sweeping cinematic journey Luhrmann clearly set out to create.	Sometimes seems to be overwhelmed by Baz Luhrmann's excess, but the strength of his vision, the appeal of his visuals and the skill of his actors keep the film from capsizing.	In his kitschy way, Luhrmann delivers the goods, even when his big moments inspire tears of laughter rather than emotion.	Built on lavish vistas and impeccable production, Australia is unfortunately burdened with thinly drawn characters and a lack of originality.
This one is straight off the sit-com conveyer belt, all pratfalls and spit-takes.	Utterly formulaic and pointless.	.	Stocked with enough Nickelodeon-owned kid stars to qualify as the public result of an intensive, mandatory summer acting camp.	As full of corn as a wheatfield in Kansas, Yours Mine and Ours is simply not good enough as a movie for 6 %u2013 12 year olds, and not only is it boring for them, it is boring for their parents or aunts or grannies who take them along.	The initial set-up is unbelievable, the plotting is predictable and stale, and the comedy depends on repetitive pratfalls that soon get old.
Beneath the film's satire beats a heart of mush.	Anyone expecting a serious reflection on gay or social themes or the current state of sexual attitudes in France will not find it. This sweet-natured movie is mainly for laughs.	...there are a number of sequences that would clearly benefit from a more broad sensibility (there's a scene that's virtually crying out for a spit take, for example).	[Veber] gets his laughs out of character and situation rather than isolated gags, which makes the picture feel like something from another era.	OK, it would never happen. But if you ignore that, The Closet is a lot of fun.	A pleasant comedy with a great cast.
Far better than most swill heading for shelter under comparisons to Merchant-Ivory or Masterpiece Theatre.	The last act is a hell of a payoff, rendering the preceding events more significant than they at first appear to be	Pierces the heart and mind with a tale and a treatment that feel all too painfully real.	Ultimately, each passing minute equates to another cruel twist of the knife, and the audience cannot help but be riveted.	Anderson's Lily is the kind of heroine who earns our protectiveness by never begging for it; it's an astonishing performance.	Despite being a period piece, The House of Mirth's depiction of social cruelty still feels chilling and relevant for today.
One of the more bizarre and original characters in recent memory, Napoleon provides some great laughs despite an uneven story that often loses steam.	Imagine an out-there cartoon and watching it spring to live-action on the big screen.	Has nerd chic.	Nerdiness will never seem the same.	An offbeat, frequently funny comedy that gradually wins you over, much like its central character.	A charming, quirky, and often funny comedy.
...fun, even if most of it is based on cruelty and hardship.	I found the sleazy comedy more tedious than watching an actual bowling match.	Has plenty of clever sight gags and outrageous jokes you can't help laughing at, no matter how hard you resist.	The combination of the overkill factor and a basic mean-spiritedness finally sinks it for me.	With maybe 25 belly laughs, the brazenly crude Kingpin is often uproarious, but be forewarned that its creators apparently conceived it underneath a limbo bar. How looow can a funny guilty pleasure go?	Kingpin has its moments, but they're often offset by an eagerness to descend into vulgar mean-spiritedness.
It's about inspiring those without inspiration. Instead of a mere worst to first, Undefeated is just that -- the best.	All eyes are on the ball, while the future screams from the sidelines.	Where the season takes them, and the entire team, is a satisfying mix of sports-movie uplift and heartbreaking realism.	...an inspirational and often touching film that lets us get to know a dedicated coach who has faith in his players and delivers what he promises (almost).	In the abstract, it sounds like the outline for Hollywood's next glossy hit; in its particulars, it's a moving treatment of a team whose fiercest opponent is despair.	It covers familiar sports documentary territory, but Undefeated proves there are still powerful stories to be told on the high school gridiron.
While it isn't as bad as it was initially built up to be, it is an early example of why videogames don't make good movies.	Game over, man.	Ultimately, it's one more stop in the arcade, beckoning, waiting to soak up time and money.	Even moviegoers who don't own Nintendo (if any such species exists) will thoroughly enjoy these superheroes. And chances are, this is only the beginning of their film exploits.	Bizarre, replete in often stunning special effects and verrrry strange from the outset, Super Mario Bros. is curiously entertaining, even though it often makes little sense.	Despite flashy sets and special effects, Super Mario Bros. is too light on story and substance to be anything more than a novelty.
Both an implicit protest against the blindness of power and an equally fervent protest against the acquiescence of men and women who are too weak or too compromised to stand up for themselves -- that is, most people.	Perhaps because she is also an actress, Jaoui understands motivation and interaction, and, with co-star Jean-Pierre Bacri, who plays the father, creates characters of substance and dimension out of scraps of human weakness.	Lightly enjoyable.	Set in a sophisticated Parisian milieu, Look at Me becomes a fascinating study in moral compromise as well as an astute depiction of life among a small group of intellectuals ostensibly living the good life.	Why this won the Best Screenplay award at the last Cannes festival escapes me.	An observant drama-comedy about self absorption.
Inexpressibly ropey sci-fi thriller joylessly directed by John Woo and based, natch, on a Philip K Dick short story.	Ben Affleck is a handsome fellow. No argument there. What he isn't is a particularly compelling leading man.	The law of diminishing returns appears to have caught up with Hollywood's Philip K. Dick infatuation.	The strength of Paycheck is its story which, despite being infused with the trappings of a Hollywood action film, still hangs together.	Affleck gives a sleek, economical performance as Jennings.	Though Dick's short story has an intriguing premise, Woo reduces it to a lot of meaningless chases, shoot-outs, and explosions.
Tough, uncompromising and truthful, yet funny and heartwarming when it needs to be -- this is highly recommended.	This is for me one of the most wonderful films this country has ever produced. It is exquisitely made, it's full of discipline. There's not a spare moment in it.	Thornton's command of space, location and mood is exemplary, recalling the Taiwanese master Tsai-ming Liang in the way this love story plays out in the interstitial spaces of the city.	A poetic, tender and unflinchingly real love story. Its powerful visuals, music and raw, captivating performances will leave you feeling deeply moved.	It's a predominantly bleak story, but never defeatist, and it stays with you.	Alternately beautiful and heartrending, Samson and Delilah is terrifically acted and shot, and presents a complex portrait of what it means to be Australian.
Skyline might be a midnight B-movie, but it's also hopelessly inept and a grievous waste of time and talent with no ending whatsoever.	While flawed, few will go see Skyline and not have fun.	A big screen B-movie with a convoluted plot and limited scope - inundating viewers with melodrama instead of the alien invasion apocalypse occurring outside.	The story's brain-snatching aliens must have attacked the filmmakers before they invaded the rest of Los Angeles.	A movie with this many quality special effects shouldn't ever be as genuinely boring as this.	A middling sci-fi entry, Skyline offers proof that solid special effects alone cannot overcome a flat storyline filled with uninspired dialogue.
Every guy has watched an action film and wondered when we'd get to the good stuff, but from minute one we're given "the good stuff," but it's just not executed well enough, and the film is too kitschy to really be enjoyed.	not only ridiculously lame but sickeningly contrived	Definitely isn't setting any precedence, but it's serviceable and fun.	The production notes describe this as an epic sci-fi action thriller like no other, which is on every level a blessing - it's like being dropped into a tar pit of underlit tedium.	Mutant Chronicles is The Dirty Dozen - but with murderous mutants!	Bad acting, poor CGI and clunky script mean this sci-fi thriller is lacking in all departments including the thrills.
The result, while admirable, is curiously flat and unengaging.	It is a challenging approach, and while there is suspense and action (including a spectacular car crash), there is frustration as a result of the regular cutting from one story to another.	The result demands a patient viewing, and maybe more than one; only after a second dose did I get the measure of [director] Garrone's mastery, and realize how far he has surpassed, not merely honored, the author's courageous toil.	The familiarity of most of the plot lines could limit its popularity.	It's ugly. It's powerful. But it's hard to look away.	Portraying organised crime with an unflinching realism, this gritty and searing Italian crime masterpiece pulls no punches.
Rat your hair, spray it high and Madison your way out to see Hairspray right now! It's easily the best time you'll have at the movies all summer! Dreamgirls only wishes it was as fabulous as Hairspray!	I suppose this whole movie-to-Broadway-musical fad is fine, as long as when the shows head back to the screen they are at least as lively as Hairspray.	Despite Travolta's best efforts, he might as well be dressed like Vincent Vega or Danny Zuko. He just can't sell the second 'X' chromosome.	Campy and sweet-natured, Hairspray will shake away any summertime blues.	More sheer good-hearted fun than anything that's come out this summer.	Hairspray is an energetic, wholly entertaining musical romp; a fun Summer movie with plenty of heart. Its contagious songs will make you want to get up and start dancing.
For all of its cutting cynicism, Dad proves unexpectedly moving in its portrait of a middle-aged man leaving childish things behind.	Too enamored of its cleverness... but unusual and worth seeing...	Offering Robin Williams his richest role in memory while serving up a nice cold bowl of shock soup for the audience, World's Greatest Dad is a surprisingly smart and severely twisted dark comedy from comic Bobcat Goldthwait.	World's Greatest Dad ultimately offers some ironic amusement but wallows too long in the sins of its father.	Once the movie shifts gears, it becomes a timid Donnie Darko-like surrealist fable.	World's Greatest Dad is a risky, deadpan, dark comedy that effectively explores the nature of posthumous cults of celebrity.
It may be the most entertaining movie you will see this year.	Tony Scott is great at directing tense, edge-of-your-seat moments, and he doesn't fail his audience in 'Unstoppable,' the latest Denzel Washington movie, which is about a runaway train and the brave souls who try to stop it.	Despite a host of minor problems, the movie works. It is a good popcorn movie with solid acting by all the main characters.	Just what you'd expect and maybe a little more, this no-filler action flick delivers a loud, CGI-free thrill ride with Denzel Washington as an added bonus.	Unstoppable ne prétend pas ętre autre chose qu'un simple tour de montagne russe et ŕ cet effet, nous devons bien reconnaître qu'il remplit allčgrement son mandat.	As fast, loud, and relentless as the train at the center of the story, Unstoppable is perfect popcorn entertainment -- and director Tony Scott's best movie in years.
A dingy and muscular throwback that's like something you might pluck from the shelf of your favorite video store and watch late one night.	A well-paced story that will keep audiences on the edge of their seats as it bucks and rolls in unexpected directions to a bloody and satisfying climax.	It's not a particularly deep film, but it's one that takes the viewer through a labyrinthian chain of events that provides a wild ride that won't soon be forgotten.	On the one hand, the movies hardly need yet more examinations of perceptions of masculinity. On the other, one as well-crafted and constantly surprising as Mickle's adaptation of Joe Lansdale's pulpy crime novel is hard to argue against.	Hall couldn't have picked a better role to definitively launch his post-Dexter career.	Boasting plenty of twists, a suitably seedy tone, and a memorable supporting turn from Don Johnson, Cold in July proves an uncommonly rewarding thriller.
Four-year-olds - and 34-year-olds - deserve better.	The notion of pets leading a double life has been much tapped for family movies, and the kid-friendly spy genre has been wrung dry.	Once again, it does not matter how many big-name stars you assemble, if the writing sucks --- so does the movie!	This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it. Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.	Mostly, though, Kitty Galore is a grind, as well as proof that "What up, dog?" isn't any funnier when a pigeon says it to a dog.	Dull and unfunny, this inexplicable sequel offers little more than the spectacle of digitally rendered talking animals with celebrity voices.
The concept of a fish with short-term memory loss sounded dubiously annoying, but DeGeneres just swims off with it	Continually floods the viewer with more extraordinary sensory input than anything previously.	'... excellent storytelling with superb, eye-popping animation...'	A timeless delight.	Pixar's employees, masters of computer-generated animation, capture the look of the ocean like no artists before.	Breathtakingly lovely and grounded by the stellar efforts of a well-chosen cast, Finding Nemo adds another beautifully crafted gem to Pixar's crown.
Le Week-End is a marital disintegration-reintegration drama that opens with a dose of frost and vinegar and turns believably sweet-and unbelievably marvelous, in light of what had seemed a depressing trajectory.	Life and love on the rocks finds a way in The City of Light in this pleasing, light hearted romantic comedy.	Le Week-End is a richly realized and exceptionally acted film that's bursting with humour and humanity.	A mellow, playful, slightly melancholy atmosphere pervades much of "Le Week-End," the latest collaboration between the screenwriter Hanif Kureishi and the director Roger Michell.	Both keenly calculated and flowing with offbeat, naturalistic detail, Hanif Kureishi's jewel of a script reflects his sensibilities as a playwright.	Topped with bittersweet humor but possessing surprisingly thorny depths, Le Week-End offers a sophisticated, well-acted portrait of late-life struggles and long-term marriage.
The brainchild of Matt Maiellaro and Dave Willis isn't immune to the problem often faced by supersize cartoons -- namely, what might be effectively clever when doled out in episodic portions tends to get diluted over the course of an expanded format.	You have to give these guys this much: They remained true to their twisted vision, and that's exciting to see.	Narrative's beside the point in a movie created by two guys who gorge on pop culture's high-fat diet and regurgitate it into something approaching . . . art? Close enough.	The movie version of Aqua offers pretty much the same surreal, gross, half-baked antics as the TV version, and that's just not enough.	The film cheerfully dispenses with sanity, logic and coherence, but it's put across with irresistible energy. Once you're aboard this water slide of lunacy, all you can do is surrender to its complete, engulfing weirdness and enjoy yourself.	The non sequitur humor of Aqua Teen Hunger Force will surely appeal to its built-in fanbase, but for the uninitiated, the premise wears thin.
Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs might not be as charming or heartfelt as anything from Pixar film, but bar Up, it's the best animated film of the year so far.	One of the most visually creative movies of the year. The film combines a pinch of morality with a healthy dose of humor to produce a movie that's entertaining for everyone.	Cloudy takes the basic premise of the book to insane extremes, like a Roland Emmerich movie with self-awareness and a finely tuned sense of humor.	This is a sweet morsel that's good for your health. Fight the power and tuck in.	Delightfully witty, feature-length adaptation of the popular children's book doesn't have the emotional heft to take its place among the great animated classics, but when it rains it soars.	Quirky humor, plucky characters and solid slapstick make this family comedy a frenetically tasty time at the movies.
Haute bloodbath.	It gets so frustrating that you wish you had a big, gooey wad of rotting Camembert to throw at the screen.	The French slasher High Tension definitely lives up to the promise of its title.	It's hard to tell whether it's really intended to induce chills or merely to serve as a parody of musty Tobe Hooper cliches.	Aja takes the strongest elements from countless influences and weaves them together... While this is a slightly derivative tactic, it never feels weighted in unoriginality...	There is indeed a good amount of tension in this French slasher, but the dubbing is bad and the end twist unbelievable.
Kevin Smith's ear for raunch is as piquant as ever, but he's moved beyond his usual unconvincing leads to Judd Apatow regulars Rogen and Craig Robinson.	Some great one-liners and another comic crescendo from Rogen saves Zack and Miri Make a Porno from mere mediocrity.	A romantic comedy that's both as sweet and as obscene as anything you'll see this year.	With its combination of heart and hilarity, bawdy blackouts and cleverly drawn characters, Smith starts out strong and ends up delivering something that's timeless as well as tasteless.	After several disappointing films, Kevin Smith is back on terra Ferma with his foul-mouthed, raunchy sex comedy, his best work since Chasing Amy and almost as funny as his debut Clerks, benefiting immensely from Seth Rogen's presence.	Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a modest success for Kevin Smith, due in large part to the charm of Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks.
The ending is cowardly, mawkishly idealistic and, worst of all, panders to the upbeat-ending demands of Hollywood (Babel is the largest financed Iырrritu film).	If they really want to appear radical the next time out, my advice is: Tell a single story and tell it well. What a concept.	Iырrritu has enough talent to shake up conventional moviemaking. But he still hasn't figured out how to use it.	Tragedy is so overwhelming in Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's "Babel" that my anxiety increased throughout the viewing.	[Inarritu's] eloquence of delivery is remarkable.	In Babel, there are no villains, only victims of fate and circumstance. Director Alejandro Gonzalez Iыarritu weaves four of their woeful stories into this mature and multidimensional film.
Never comes off as desperate--because little effort appears to be put forth by writer-director-co-star DJ Pooh.	So ramshackle it's nearly enough to make you forget how tossed-together the 1976 Car Wash was.	I was wishing I was sitting through Bones a second time.	Waterlogged from start to finish	[A] crude and boring movie.	Sloppily-made, amateurish, and scarce on laughs, The Wash can't compare to Richard Pryor's 1976 Car Wash.
Underrated horror film is modern classic.	You'll scream, You'll laugh.....You'll want to press rewind	It is McDowall who makes this film better than it should be with his performance as the ham actor.	A run-of-the mill vampire film buoyed by Sarandon's tragic villain and McDowall's wonderful would-be Van Helsing	Chris Sarandon is terrific as the vampire, quite affable and debonair until his fingernails start to grow and his eyes get that glow.	Fright Night deftly combines thrills and humor in this ghostly tale about a man living next to a vampire.
Reminds us, sweetly, charmingly, and humorously, what Will Smith used to be like before he became an overnight action sensation.	A full 120 minutes dedicated to the hilarious comic notion that white people can't dance (hee, hee - it's funny because it's true, we're so lame!)	Very likeable and enjoyable for the most part, even endearing; the film stumbles a bit in the telling. Hitch just barely swings into a B+ on charm.	Sure, it has its precious moments -- but Hitch has the smarts to defuse them with large doses of slapstick, wit, or outright silliness.	full review in Greek	Despite Hitch's predictability, Will Smith and Kevin James win praise for their solid, warmhearted performances.
Time has not dimmed the shock value of this seminal classic from director Tobe Hooper that's based on the same real-life case that inspired Psycho.	This film possesses more true scares than the entire 'Horror' section of your local videostore, or a week of Oprah re-runs.	Hooper's unrelenting assault on the senses is one of the most streamlined, sadistic horror movies ever made.	An intelligent, absorbing, and deeply disturbing horror film that is nearly bloodless in its depiction of violence.	Best for older teens and adults only.	Thanks to a smart script and documentary-style camerawork, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre achieves start-to-finish suspense, making it a classic in low-budget exploitation cinema.
Surely, this is essential. Maybe, but don't call me Shirley, etc.	From takeoff to landing, this whacked-out parody is a loopy flight of fancy.	...a nonstop flurry of slapstick sight gags, puns, innuendoes, exaggerations, and caricatures. A comedy classic.	Brilliant, still funny airplane disaster movie parody. Started new comedy career for Nielsen.	Unprecedented nonsense that--fashions aside--will remain timeless comedy cinema. [new DVD review]	Though unabashedly juvenile and silly, Airplane! is nevertheless an uproarious spoof comedy full of quotable lines and slapstick gags that endure to this day.
A fun little fantasy flick.	entertaining adventure	This film has smoky atmosphere, medieval sets, and rugged terrain strange enough to suggest far-off mythic lands; moreover, its special effects are positively staggering.	Mr. Robbins's overall accomplishment is one of creating a mood, and he does this well enough to make up for the film's occasional cumbersomeness.	This movie has two big things going for it -- the dragon and the man who masterminds its slaying.	An atypically dark Disney adventure, Dragonslayer puts a realistic spin -- and some impressive special effects -- on a familiar tale.
Though the plot plays largely by the numbers, Zaillian treats the material with a welcome level of maturity that manages to sustain interest even when the storyline doesn't.	In comparison to the tremendous and intelligent acting of Duvall, Travolta seems lumbering, sluggish and ill-suited to the role of a scrambling, hard-hitting lawyer.	It provides an always interesting, and sometimes fascinating, glimpse inside the workings of our courts.	As proficient a job as writer-director Steve Zaillian and his team do, A Civil Action has unmistakably unraveled by its close.	What the film failed to do, is to bring a sense of urgency.	Intelligent and unconventional.
The one save-the-whales movie to see when you only have time for one.	"Blackfish" is a disturbing movie, one that will make you rethink parks like SeaWorld and their value.	If you see this, you won't want to ever visit one of these water parks with killer whales again, or work at there either.	It all adds up to a sympathetic profile of a serial killer's traumatic history, and a compelling picture of humanity's great inhumanity towards these sensitive, highly socialised beasts ...	Gabriela Cowperthwaite's new documentary Blackfish is a searing indictment of the entire killer whale-as-entertainment industry.	Blackfish is an aggressive, impassioned documentary that will change the way you look at performance killer whales.
Another object lesson in ineptitude.	What transpires is an okay ghost story...	The credibility quotient gets its biggest boost from Bacon's shrewdly detailed performance!	Stir of Echoes is a canny piece of mature filmmaking that never recovers from a nervous breakdown it suffers halfway through.	...a stylish, sporadically gripping thriller that boasts a number of undeniably tense sequences and interludes...	Kevin Bacon's acting is so genuine that it's creepy and director David Keopp knows how to create true suspense.
50/50 centers around a cancerous presence, and that refers to Seth Rogen as much as it does to the malignant tumor found on the spine of Adam (Joseph Gordon-Levitt). Carve Rogen out of the picture, and its chances of being a truly moving film increase.	It's not a major landmark on anybody's résumé, but it's nothing to be ashamed of either.	There's a simple elegance to way [screenwriter Will] Reiser and director Jonathan Levine tie these bonds.	As honest as [screenwriter Will Reiser] could make it within the parameters of an uplifting crowd-pleaser.	...what makes this "chuckles n' chemo" film so watchable is that it is, at its core, a fish out of water tale.	A good-hearted film about a difficult topic, 50/50 maneuvers between jokes and drama with surprising finesse.
The strength of Tell Them Who You Are is its honesty in showing how the younger man faces the protean force that sired him, cheated on his mother, called him stupid, despised his politics and yet through it all, somehow, still loved him.	A revealing portrait of the artist as irascible autodidact, committed social crusader and deeply flawed father figure.	...surprisingly poignant...	In the end this is a great movie about a filmmaker. It's also a great movie about fathers and sons.	What makes this movie deeply fascinating is the fight Haskell wages. As the semi-willing subject of this movie, he's determined to gain the upper hand or, at least, come out somewhat sympathetic.	The dysfunctional interaction between director and subject is fascinating, poignant, and revealing of both men and of father-son relationships in general.
The problem with Insurrection [isn't] that it's like a two-part episode. The problem is that it's like a one-part episode that was more than doubled in length without having nearly enough drama.	More of the the same-old -same-old.	This is really just a pretty good episode of the series, which is not really a bad thing.	Trekkers will eat that stuff up; others will be looking elsewhere for something engaging, which cannot be found in the by-the-numbers story or the incredibly boring villain.	Taken as a whole the movie is fun even if it does contain several long, dull passages.	Although not terrible, the sluggishly paced Insurrection plays like an extended episode of the TV series.
Inventive visuals and funny bits abound, but the film's gritty look and unsentimental characterizations -- Harry, Hermione and Ron are far from golden teens -- ominously foreshadow the truly wicked shape of things to come.	The Harry Potter series just keeps getting better and more interesting.	Adolescence is no less sticky a situation for multibillion-dollar movie franchises than it is for young witches and wizards, and what is a Part 4 if not the cinematic equivalent of those awkward tween years?	Easily the most involving of the movies so far.	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is yet another solid entry into the Harry Potter franchise.	The main characters are maturing, and the filmmakers are likewise improving on their craft; vibrant special effects and assured performances add up to what is the most complex yet of the Harry Potter films.
The radiance of My Brother The Devil should also work as an audition tape for Letitia Wright.	For at least part of its length, "My Brother the Devil" brings refreshing changes to a genre badly in need of them.	Nuances of faith, politics and sexual identity enrich what initially presents as a classic good son-bad son tale, and although the film's melting-pot patois is occasionally too dense to decipher, we get the gist.	An often gripping coming-of-age story involving rival gangs, societal pressures, self-discovery, brotherly affection, and drugs.	"My Brother the Devil" is a promising debut that marks El Hosaini as a filmmaker to watch, but one still very much in the developmental stages.	A tough, tender tale of familial angst with careful attention to detail, My Brother the Devil is a strong debut from director Sally El Hosaini.
A turgid little history lesson, humourless and dull.	A beautiful looking movie that suffers a bit due to some lousy Bryan Adams songs	As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine. This is a movie you can trust.	A beautifully rendered but unimaginatively plotted cartoon about settlers, Native Americans and the horses caught in between.	...A bland but pleasing animated horse story...	A visually stunning film that may be too predictable and politically correct for adults, but should serve children well.
They say that still waters run deep. Suffice it to say that the waters of Without a Paddle are raging...a soggy embarrassment for all involved.	While striving for a bit of liberalism (ain't we City types the real stoopid ones) almost every scene then throws in the towel and falls back on a clutch of unfunny country-livin' clichés.	Without a Paddle can proudly take its place in the pantheon of perfectly likable stupid movies.	...bad almost by default, as if everyone involved had a few yuks then bailed out mid-stream...leaving the movie adrift and appropriately titled.	A completely silly but surprisingly funny comedy ... and a real crowd-pleaser.	Without a Paddle has a few laughs, but not enough to sustain its running time.
A fun seaside frolic, but doesn't sit long in the mind.	Grace Kelly brings a sometimes-frosty but incredibly radiant charm to her role.	Hitchcock and screenwriter John Michael Hayes posited voyeuristic spectacle as the essence of cinema in Rear Window; in To Catch a Thief they validate their thesis with plenty of spectacle to be voyeuristic over.	A riveting, rollicking Hitchcock suspense classic.	Colorful, fun Hitchcock pairing Grant and Kelly.	It may occasionally be guilty of coasting on pure charm, but To Catch a Thief has it in spades -- as well as a pair of perfectly matched stars in Cary Grant and Grace Kelly.
It's a film well tuned to its own sense of nostalgia and the images of its time.	Two hours of solid and occasionally spectacular entertainment that doesn't trash any fondly-held childhood memories along the way.	Indiana Jones offers solid summer entertainment, but where's the laughter, romance and soul that made the original trilogy so memorable?	Even in a poorly written cobbled together mess like this, Indy still shines and Ford can still bring him to life.	A colossal disappointment by any measure, this latest Indiana Jones film focuses in on the character weaknesses of its creators George Lucas and Steven Spielberg.	Though the plot elements are certainly familiar, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull still delivers the thrills and Harrison Ford's return in the title role is more than welcome.
The 1985 film is an unqualified masterpiece.	Ultimately it is this mixture of the grand gesture and the fine touch, the big world and the small people who occupy it, that lingers with us long after Ran is over.	A film of the sort of grandeur that brings to mind Griffith's Birth of a Nation, Napoleon Vu par Abel Gance and Eisenstein's Ivan the Terrible.	It is a film that already belongs to the ages.	For his visually sumptuous epic, Kurosawa chose the civil wars of sixteenth-century Japan as a setting so that he could criticize technological progress and wars of the present.	Akira Kurosawa's sprawling, epic take on King Lear should be required viewing for fans of westerns, war movies, or period films in general.
What starts off as broad melodrama becomes, for lack of a better term, more 'real.'	The drained, exhausted, stifling mood is a frequently punitive experience for the viewer.	While lacking the elegant formal conviction of the best Romanian New Wave films, Calin Peter Netzer's Child's Pose is nevertheless a work of sophisticated and affecting storytelling, persuasively enmeshing the fate of individuals with that of society.	When the stars are aligned-the writing and direction along with the stars in front of the camera-a movie can put the most appalling characters on display and still make them engrossing.	Child's Pose is simply unforgettable cinema.	It isn't necessarily an easy watch, but thanks to Netzer's interesting direction and a riveting performance from Gheorghiu, Child's Pose is rewarding.
The movie is about Paul's journey to find some kind of honor and about seeing big men slam the heck out of each other. It wisely devotes most of its time to the latter.	The Longest Yard seems to be one of those Sandler efforts that occupy a middle ground between goofy comedy and quasi-realistic drama.	Finally, Adam Sandler returns to the edgy sort of comedy we all love. No more lovey dovey romantic comedies. No more kiddie antics and no more stupid voices.	Does Chris Rock even know what year it is? His tired-for-a-decade references bog down a remake that would be unwatchable were it not for a jazzed-up climactic game.	As humorless, lazy and oppressively inane as anything since any one of the witless car chase movies that derailed Burt Reynolds' career not long after the original wrapped.	This Yard has some laughs but missing from this remake is the edginess of the original.
Offbeat dramedy mixes light and dark; some intense moments.	Your best bet for a movie that will entertain you, make you laugh and maybe even make you tear-up.	Like a production of When Harry Met Sally put on by the characters from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Silver Linings uses cliches like a straight-jacket, containing an otherwise nutty film and making it safe for audiences to approach.	When Lawrence and Cooper are together, their chemistry jumps and sparks and their rat-a-tat psycho-banter aims for Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell territory.	Silver Linings Playbook is an infectiously rousing crowd-pleaser about psychological damage and emotional healing, which would seem oxymoronic if not for the authentic, insightful atmosphere and marvelous performances.	Silver Linings Playbook walks a tricky thematic tightrope, but David O. Russell's sensitive direction and some sharp work from a talented cast gives it true balance.
By the time the credits rolled, my eyes were sore from all the rolling.	A bittersweet Christmas movie with a strong black cast.	Based on the play by poet/activist Hughes, this updated faith-based tale features rousing musical numbers and a well-meaning, if predictable, story, marked by unlikely coincidences.	It's good to see Hudson in a major film again. As an actress, she's still a work in progress, but she has a commanding gift for depicting vulnerability and strength almost simultaneously.	"Black Nativity" struggles mightily.	It's sweetly amiable and solidly performed, but Black Nativity suffers from director Kasi Lemmons' heavy-handed treatment of its celebrated source material.
A well made, if extremely hollow, technical exercise... so wafer-thin, I'm a little wary of calling it a movie. It's more like a photographed premise.	It breezes by and slaps you with some ice water and then scurries right out of the room.	There is absolutely no fat on this brief, 74-minute film, but even as you get caught up in the suspense you come to realize that there isn't much meat on it, either.	No story-structure, no succession of scary scenes and then ordinary-life scenes to clean the palate. Just one long unendurably tense and frightening sequence.	This superb horror thriller breaks violently into your consciousness, robbing you of all sense of security.	Suspenseful and tense from start to finish, the French horror film Them proves that a lack of gore doesn't mean a dearth of scares.
Washington slipped into the role of Easy like it was a suit cut just for him.	Totally slick noir throwback.	I liked the movie without quite being caught up in it: I liked the period, tone and look more than the story, which I never really cared much about.	Franklin's picture is effortlessly wise beneath its entertaining surface.	A hoary Chinatown knock-off wrapped in a seductively novel black-culture veneer, with a dash of Laura added for bad measure.	Humor, interesting characters, and attention to details make the stylish Devil in a Blue Dress an above average noir.
Is this film formulaic? Yes. Does it accomplish what it set out to do? Yes. ... It's certainly not a perfect movie but it does offer many pleasures.	Swank shows that in the right role her unusually disarming talent can elevate routine material.	Freedom Writers is another exceptional teacher scenario not so different from the norm.	LaGravenese has incorporated some of the real students' piercingly honest diary entries and rounded up an engaging cast of unknowns and young actors (April Hernandez, Kristin Herrera, Hunter Parrish) to channel their anger and hopelessness.	Despite dubious credibility, it's an entertaining, if misandristic, movie.	Freedom Writers is a frank, formulaic entry in the inspirational inner-city teacher genre, with an energetic Hilary Swank leading the appealing cast of unknowns.
Radiates a warm humanity and uplifts the spirit.	A touching tale.	Amelio's camera captures with subtlety and without sentimentality the state of mind of a parent for whom every child running freely in the park is a painful reminder of another's limitations.	full review in Greek	Amelio tells the story with a silent stillness that belies the intense emotions that churn under the surface.	Favoring subtlety over cheap sentimentality, The Keys to the House is emotionally honest, compassionate, and a genuine tear-jerker.
"Ella Enchanted" is on a par with other such fairytale fantasy adventures as "The Princess Bride."	uses the archetypal story of Cinderella to skewer convention with that most deadly and effective of weapons: humor	In its attempt to fuse a fairy-tale fantasy with a modern sensibility, the movie winds up a corny, derivative mishmash.	The idea of mixing the modern with the medieval is a dubious Mulligan's stew -- and annoys quickly.	The movie is an embarrassment -- another example of Hollywood excess overwhelming and sinking an otherwise unassuming story.	Hathaway is a charming heroine, but the simple storyline gets overwhelmed by silly gimmickry.
Sure, the end is a foregone conclusion (it's in the history books, kids), but the unfolding events are a class-A story of survival, and will keep even the most well-informed viewers glued to their seats.	A full-course meal for those sufficiently hungry to hear the whole story.	A remarkable documentary.	A first-rate documentary about an exploit that almost defies belief.	The overriding picture that comes into focus is of a man who probably wasn't a very good explorer, but proved to be as superb a leader as the British Empire has ever produced.	The Endurance presents exciting footage of an amazing real-life story of survival.
Sherritt has been in a lot of movies, but the role of Rev. Maclean seems like one he was born to play. He owns it, the way that Pitt and Sheffer own theirs, and as a result it takes no time at all to believe this group as a family and become involved.	Moving, powerful movie of two brothers.	Redford's direction and Philippe Rousselot's camera capture the beauty of Montana but then fails to make the people upstage the scenery.	This is a movie that is not only highly entertaining but will remain etched in the memories of audience members for some time to come.	A great movie to watch with the family at Christmas.	Tasteful to a fault, this period drama combines a talented cast (including a young Brad Pitt) with some stately, beautifully filmed work from director Robert Redford.
Sadly enough, with all the things Candyman has going for it, it turns out to be not much more enthralling than the last Freddy Kreuger slash-o-rama.	Pretty effective, but overlong adaptation of a Clive Barker short story.	A by-the-numbers boogeyman thriller, spiced up by an intriguing concept and Tony Todd's sad-eyed title character.	Like so many post-Val Lewton horror films, this 1992 feature starts out promisingly while the plot is mainly a matter of suggestion, but gradually turns gross and obvious as the meanings become literal and unambiguous.	The enduring resonance of Candyman, adapted and directed by Bernard Rose, has to do with its respect for and investment in specific and real events.	Though it ultimately sacrifices some mystery in the name of gory thrills, Candyman is a nuanced, effectively chilling tale that benefits from an interesting premise and some fine performances.
A slick, cerebral and - most of all - dull as hell sci-fi calamity. As far as excitement is concerned, this is like pitching your parasol on the banks of the Sea Of Tranquillity.	Source Code is one of those infrequent movies that keeps you guessing at each and every turn.	Slick sci-fi thriller about parallel universes.	Source Code is also cold and clinical, but the emotion tacked on at the end is just that, tacked on. The only lingering thought after seeing it is why you didn't leave the theater at the 80 minute mark.	Jones ... has a light touch of the sort that enlivens the material without trivializing it-think of it as tongue delicately navigating the perimeter of cheek	Finding the human story amidst the action, director Duncan Jones and charming Jake Gyllenhaal craft a smart, satisfying sci-fi thriller.
Far from the knock out we hope for.	Neither action nor romance, Killers will please all those who see it for Kutcher, disappoint those in search of a story.	Bland spy rom-com mines violence, stereotypes for laughs.	The storyline and script lack credibility, but more than that, Robert Luketic's direction misses the light, crisp fun the situations require, leaving us saddled with a questionable tone in Nowhereland	The script is ludicrously overcooked, with too much unnecessary exposition at the expense of laughs, while Heigl's habitual decision to play each role as a nostril-flaring, wild-eyed, squealing shrew is growing tiresome.	Dull, formulaic, and chemistry-free, Killers is an action/comedy that's largely bereft of thrills or laughs.
What is interesting to watch are the unexpected turns that occur when a jilted lover, a kidnapped rich capitalist and a pair of new lovers are cooped up in an isolated chalet.	Although The Edukators, directed by Hans Weingartner, is a German-language film, it is set in a global village where all politics are local.	The degree to which one sympathizes with the movie's protagonists may depend upon the age of the viewer	American movies don't have the capacity for such delicacy -- nor can they easily present their characters and situations as impartially as this one does.	The Edukators makes clear that everyone plays by rules they didn't make, then excuses themselves for not changing the world.	The Edukators engagingly plays out the clash between youthful idealism and older pragmaticism.
Entertaining but lightweight film, which is better suited to public TV than the big screen.	This quirky documentary about a group of American hairdressers who establish exactly that shows that the power of hair salons should never be underestimated.	Any film that raises this many interesting questions is worth seeing, though Beauty Academy never goes quite deep enough to become essential.	A few of the academy's students receive personal profiles, and their resilience after years of war and oppression is remarkable. If ever that "triumph of the human spirit" cliché could be applied to a group of people, this is it.	A touching and gently funny testament to the resilience of the Afghan women, many of whom share harrowing stories of life under the Taliban.	There's nothing frivolous about beauty school when hearing about the individual lives of these women in Afghanistan, and the contrast between them and the idealistic beauticians from America.
An obvious bid for the teen queen to extend beyond her comfort zone only to then clearly show her limits and need for further development.	Cyrus is game and appealing, but she's not nearly enough of a natural actress to pull off the emotional whip-cracks the story puts Ronnie through.	Cyrus and Hemsworth... represent some kind of theoretical low for how terrible two romantic leads can be, together and separately.	Sadly, without a single note of originality, Last Song is an awfully long and tiresome tune.	The "last song"? In all conscience, that should really have been Billy Ray's Achy Breaky Heart in a brooding minor key. You'll feel the ache and hear the break.	As shamelessly manipulative as any Nicholas Sparks production, The Last Song is done no favors by its miscast and overmatched star, Miley Cyrus.
One of the best war films ever.	Petersen's shooting style displays a breathtaking, if impersonal and faintly academic, virtuosity comparable to that of Lean or Coppola.	One of the greatest war movies seen in the last twenty years.	Agripping, impressively detailed account of one harrowing voyage by a German U-boat during World War II.	It is unlike any other war film in that it confines the audience in a confined submarine where we digest the fear and panic of the human beings on screen. In short, "Das Boot" is a religious experience.	Taut, breathtakingly thrilling, and devastatingly intelligent, Das Boot is one of the greatest war films ever made.
It's good for that time period from which the Disney studios were struggling to make good animated pictures.	Disney's animated musical version of the oft-filmed legend casts animals in the traditional roles and the film consequently flounders in its own cuteness.	Blatantly caters to a juvenile audience, without making even the slightest attempt to entertain the grown-ups unless it happens that they like Saturday morning cartoon-level hijinks.	No one makes cultural appropriation as much fun as Walt Disney.	Robin Hood is one of the most lackadaisical Disney features of all.	One of the weaker Disney adaptations, Robin Hood is cute and colorful but lacks the majesty and excitement of the studio's earlier efforts.
Pandorum isn't all that bad, it just isn't good either. Fans of films like Event Horizon, Alien 3, and Resident Evil are sure to get their money worth, but I feel anyone outside of the "club" is sure to be disappointed. Watch with caution.	For fans of the genre I can't see Pandorum disappointing.	It might make a passable video game. Despite expensive production design, as a movie it is pretty much unwatchable.	full review at Movies for the Masses	Pandorum is neither schlocky enough to be an enjoyable genre flick, nor smart enough to provoke any original thoughts.	While it might prove somewhat satisfying for devout sci-fi fans, Pandorum's bloated, derivative plot ultimately leaves it drifting in space.
The movie is only so-so, borrowing a little from the VH-1 school of popumentary but lacking the snazzy production values.	The perfect mix of style and substance, visuals, music and words ... one of the best sports documentaries ever made.	No Hollywood scriptwriter would dare make up a tale as outrageously unlikely -- but, as it happens, true -- as the one so entertainingly told in the documentary Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos.	A spot-on goal.	Once in a Lifetime is a marvelous primer on this remarkable event in soccer history, most likely never to be seen again.	You don't have to be a soccer fan to enjoy this stylish, breezy slice of 1970s sports history.
weeeeeak	Did it really take William Shatner in the director's chair to finally give us a decent Star Trek movie?	[The] special effects, despite the hefty budget, look strictly bargain basement.	Isn't horrible, but I'd only recommend to a diehard.	The absolute nadir of the series, a movie so bad in so many ways that the second-worst has to squint and use binoculars to see that far down.	Filled with dull action sequences and an underdeveloped storyline, this fifth Trek movie is probably the worst of the series.
This is a film with a serious credibility problem and one which stagnates in the middle act.	There's nothing original in this picture, yet it's intensely likable just the same.	While the charismatic performances of Damon and Affleck make "Good Will Hunting" a difficult entertainment to resist, doing just that is not as hard as the film would like to think.	Mature teens will appreciate this story, written by its appealing two stars, of a brilliant young man with a troubled past.	A charming, entertaining and uplifting movie with the title that perfectly fits its quality.	It follows a predictable narrative arc, but Good Will Hunting adds enough quirks to the journey -- and is loaded with enough powerful performances -- that it remains an entertaining, emotionally rich drama.
In a season of fat blockbusters, a picture as brainy, bitter, and compact as this one comes as a shock and a treat.	It stands up brilliantly to repeat viewing, to the extent that you may never fully solve the riddle. But don't let that put you off; it's the ultimate whodunit.	The Usual Suspects is a knockout suspense yarn with so many twists and turns you're never quite sure where it's going to wind up. And the trip is enormously satisfying.	While it's fair to call The Usual Suspects a gimmick in search of a movie, one could say something similar of, say, an Agatha Christie mystery. [Blu-ray]	Too predictable. Still enthralling enough to watch (at least twice).	Expertly shot and edited, The Usual Suspects gives the audience a simple plot and then piles on layers of deceit, twists, and violence before pulling out the rug from underneath.
Wide-eyed, wildman Nicholson as the yang to Sandler's goofy, man-child yin - one would think watching Hollywood's ultimate odd couple on screen together would be worth the price of admission. But it's really, really not.	A happy experience.	Unpredictably funny.	Nicholson is excellent, hamming it up for all he's worth and clearly having a whale of a time â"- he's extremely well cast.	This is a hackneyed, sprawling mess of a comedy, rarely funny and never interesting.	Thought not without its funny moments, Anger Management is ultimately stale and disappointingly one-note, especially considering its capable cast.
Brown lays the sentimentality on so much that it almost brings the whole production down. Luckily there's lots of tremendous shots and a solid story to keep it going.	The contest just doesn't register that emotionally, with the long sermonizing stretches of the picture taking away from the real life of the Baja 1000 party: the race itself.	The images from this wild race are spectacular at times.	Too many stories touched upon, none in sufficient depth to really galvanize. So you wind up with a 90-minute Baja 1000 commercial, set to music and cliches.	For all Dust to Glory's visceral charge, what lingers most is its hearty embrace of so many varieties of human experience.	Amazing footage from the Baja off-road race will give viewers an adrenaline rush.
The film is built as a long crescendo, opening at a level of considered, Zen-like reflection and ending with a prolonged cacophony of elaborate, town-wide annihilation.	For all its bloodshed and mayhem, 13 Assassins is one of the most joyously energetic and exciting movies I've seen in the last year, and maybe even the last two years.	Wildly kinetic actioner possesses a cool classicism.	Miike's movie is a creditable attempt at a chanbara and he takes the genre seriously	"I thought samurai would be fun but you bore me," says one character. I'm afraid that, after two hours, I agree, though the action is fairly well done if you like that sort of thing.	Takashi Miike's electric remake of Eiichi Kudo's 1963 period action film is a wild spectacle executed with killer, dizzying panache.
About as a good as the Imax 3-D experience gets.	4 starsYou can just sink into "Deep Sea 3D," a lovely, lush experience that, believe it or not, blends the grandeur of the deep with the violence of nature and the sad state in which humans have left the oceans.	Deep Sea 3D, like the excellent Sharks 3D, has a message about the importance of relationships under the sea and why humans should not upset the delicate balance of nature by depleting ocean species.	...an all-too-brief but fascinating look at some of our ocean's irreplaceable treasures.	Director-lenser Howard Hall's return to the depths should have been more urgent than Into the Deep, but instead, it's more superficial.	Viewers will welcome being whisked away to this magical world of exotic sea life.
One of my favorite films from this year's Sundance. Frank Langella deserves serious awards buzz.	"Robot & Frank" is so endearing it's easy to forget it's science fiction.	The film tries to say something coherent about important issues such as the descending darkness of old age but misses the mark with most of them.	Further proof that sci-fi need not be high-budget spectacle, and can actually do a good little job exploring the human condition, our characters, and our memories.	Frank Langella gives a terrific performance as the second of the two title characters in this modest but heartfelt science-fiction comedy.	Led by a brilliant performance from star Frank Langella, Robot & Frank works as both a quirky indie drama and as a smart, thoughtful meditation on aging.
This performance will haunt Irons for the rest of his career or put an abrupt end to it.	Fans of the role-playing game will be distressed as they see their beloved world contorted into a travesty.	This tacky-looking, incoherent, badly acted and hopelessly directed disaster is easily the dullest adventure film of 2000.	Solomon brings absolutely nothing to the party, besides a level of directorial incompetence that one rarely sees in major studio films.	Any dungeon master worth his 20-sided dice could have whipped up a better scenario.	Critics say this movie has a cheap look and is badly directed. Despite the presence of talented actors, the performances are really bad, and additionally, some people are offended at Marlon Wayans' character, calling it a racist throwback to black stereotypes.
Unceasingly manipulative.	Not since Gump has there been such a pandering, faux-virtuous package of populist pap for Hollywood to shove in the faces of electioneering politicos and say: Look, we don't just market unwholesome swill to families, we market wholesome swill, too.	Works beautifully as a figment of someone's idealism and goodwill.	Few films stoop as low as Pay it Forward under the guise of upright seriousness.	Hunt is effective as a single mom stressed by work, poverty and guilt. Spacey inhabits Simonet's lonely persona.	Pay It Forward has strong performances from Spacey, Hunt, and Osment, but the movie itself is too emotionally manipulative and the ending is bad.
An especially valuable alternative to standard summer movie fare.	By its close, Himalaya has granted us an intimacy with the Dolpo region of Nepal that is difficult to shake.	Valli's touch as an artist is too light, and his dramatic sense too timid, to make the film much more than a collection of pretty pictures.	One of the most beautiful movies you're likely to see this year.	A work of polite ethnography, a coffee-table book of a film that invites us to behold an exotic world from a comfortable and complacent distance.	Unlike the overproduced and overbudgeted Hollywood blockbusters, Himalaya is a stunningly photographed movie that offers an intimate look into the lives of a Dolpo tribe.
[Akhavan is] a whiz at writing characters whose life seems to extend beyond their brief screentime.	The movie doesn't seem to be up to anything larger than an amiable slice of urban life, and it doesn't need to be.	A true multicultural comedy, equally at home in its hipster Brooklyn and Iranian immigrant settings, taking a loving and scornful look at both.	In its a-linear presentation of the story of Maxine and Shirin's relationship, the film takes after Annie Hall, though we spend a fair portion of the film observing Shirin in the aftermath of that relationship's demise.	Despite its navel-gazing tendencies, this retains a spicily frank comedic edge, laced with the kind of bitingly quotable epithets you'll wish you'd thought of yourself.	Warm, funny, and quietly profound, Appropriate Behavior serves as a thoroughly compelling calling card for writer, director, and star Desiree Akhavan.
If you were disappointed by recent sci-fi actioners like Terminator 3, then you'd probably be pleasantly surprised by this underappreciated movie . . .	Dour and charmless.	It's the action sequences in this movie that sell.	... Equilibrium is one of the better action/sci-fi movies of the year ...	Say yes to the war off drugs	Equilibrium is a reheated mishmash of other sci-fi movies.
[Charles] Ferguson remains a master at clearly laying out complex information.	Ultimately, Inside Job will not have much to offer those who follow financial news reports.	There could not be a film more timely or relevant to why the world is in the shape its in right now than this meticulously constructed analysis of the financial mess of the past couple of years.	Inside Job joins a growing chorus of voices, left right and center, arguing that Big Business (specifically finance) and Big Government are not opposing forces.	He names and shames some of America's most influential financial executives	Disheartening but essential viewing, Charles Ferguson's documentary explores the 2008 Global Financial Crisis with exemplary rigor.
THE WACKNESS is one of those small little movies that come under the radar and sneak up on you.	The Wackness is a teen drama, set in 1994 against a backdrop of laidback hip-hop and a roasting hot New York which tries just a bit too hard to be cool. But it is definitely not wack (bad).	It muddles through on its period infatuation and on Kingsley's dope-loving turn as a doctor constantly on the verge of another hit.	Kingsley is likewise on form and hits home with some terrifically world-weary one liners, while director Jon Levine brings a refreshing inventiveness to the film.	A minor triumph.	Sympathetic characters and a clever script help The Wackness overcome a familiar plot to make for a charming coming-of-age comedy.
An impressive introduction to U.S. audiences for Nadda. Her storytelling talents are deserving of higher-profile features.	an intoxicating mix, less witnessed than inhaled gratefully, like the film itself.	The scenery is enchanting and it's clear Nadda was inspired to make the film from the beauty of Cairo. She and cinematographer Luc Montpellier succeed in fashioning a graceful postcard to the city, but a story, too, would have been nice.	A sumptuous feast for heart, head, eye and ear.	Nadda's camera captures it wonderfully; the simple placement of her lens is how we'd see it: looking through a crowd at eye level, looking down on a city intersection from a train window.	Though potentially too slowly paced for some, Cairo Time lingers long after the closing credits, largely due to a wonderful performance by Patricia Clarkson.
...Hickenlooper never opens up both barrels on Abramoff, leaving all character insight to the movie's star, Kevin Spacey. Bad idea.	Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.	Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.	Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.	Spacey never transforms into the role. The part is tailored to match Spacey's favorite pastime: Playing Kevin Spacey.	Kevin Spacey turns in one of his stronger performances, but Casino Jack is a disappointingly uneven fictionalized account of a fascinating true story.
Levinson has created a surprising quickie that satirically strikes out at our political system, the media (easy target) and the whole business of image versus reality.	Veteran director Barry Levinson does a great job of keeping the energy level high.	Very little humour in this script, despite a few moments of cheeky cleverness.	Hilary Henkin and David Mamet's script is gleefully hyperbolic without ever straying from its political target.	Wag the Dog could have been a one-joke scenario, but it's consistently rescued from monotony by a smart script.	Smart, well-acted, and uncomfortably prescient political satire from director Barry Levinson and and all-star cast.
It's a terrific showcase for Richard Gere, Shelley Long, Farrah Fawcett and a number of other actors who almost seemed to have been written off.	Briskly paced and entertaining throughout.	Dr. T isn't a dreadful movie, but its spontaneity does feel forced, and we glean very little that is satisfying from the example of Dr. T's confusion.	It's a bummer, it's got no story arc, the lead is unsympathetic and uninteresting, and the women characters are a wee bit over the top as well.	Place settings would have been required in order to follow the who's-who of Dr. T, if not for the fact that every character is a shallow stereotype.	In terms of quality, Dr. T and the Women is one of Altman's good-but-not-great films. In typical Altman style, it features some great ensemble acting, including a wonderful performance by Richard Gere.
Brooks' dialog is wonderful throughout and all the characters carry off their assignments beautifully, even down to Danny De Vito and Norman Bennett as MacLaine's other suffering suitors.	Shirley MacLaine and Debra Winger are fantastic as a mother and daughter who individually face life's challenges and end up stronger because of it.	Blending comedy and melodrama, this is basically a TV sitcom, marked by a sentimental tone and traditional view of women.	Terms of Endearment is about three relationships and students of screenwriting would do well to study the way in which these three stories are told completely and effortlessly in a movie of average length.	The most remarkable achievement of Terms of Endearment, which is filled with great achievements, is its ability to find the balance between the funny and the sad, between moments of deep truth and other moments of high ridiculousness.	A classic tearjerker, Terms of Endearment isn't shy about reaching for the heartstrings -- but is so well-acted and smartly scripted that it's almost impossible to resist.
The film -- like Green himself -- steps back from the teacher to see the apprentices take center stage and earn their applause.	The real Paul Green is even funnier and more entertaining than Jack Black's fictionalized version of him	'Dynamo' doesn't begin to describe Frank Zappa freak Green, who brings the cream of his crop to Germany to compete in the yearly Zappanale and makes believers of us all.	Green berates and insults his students to push them to work harder	So overpowering is Green's outsized, needy, arrested-adolescent personality (while you initially suspect he's playing for the camera, the blasé attitude of his students suggests he really is like this), it throws the movie off-balance.	Boasting an entertaining and eccentric cast of characters, Rock School lives up to its name.
Here's a science-fiction film that's an insult to the words "science" and "fiction," and the hyphen in between them. You want to cut it up to clean under your fingernails.	An electrifying film that manages to be engrossing and entertaining in spite of its flaws.	Battle: Los Angeles lapses into that peculiar modern-day rut that leaves an audience feeling as if they are watching a live feed of someone playing a photo-realistic computer game.	Wears its valor and vigor on its sleeve daring to be old-fashioned in its depiction of American heroism. The spirit of "Semper Fi" hasn't been this much fun in a long time.	While there's no subtlety here, this remains surprisingly gripping throughout and boasts three-dimensional characters and well executed action scenes.	Overlong and overly burdened with war movie clichés, Battle: Los Angeles will entertain only the most ardent action junkies.
The sum of the movie's exploding parts adds up to nothing -- not even just good, sick fun.	Bullets through umbilical cords, shootouts during sex and gunfights in gun factories: this is one movie that does exactly what it says on the tin.	Giamatti plays his villain role with a purring fervency that implies he wishes he had a properly twirlable mustache.	Ridiculously violent, comically bloody and so over-the-top that one can only view it as a cartoon that just so happens to be live-action. As for the says-it-all title, it is truth in advertising taken to the extreme.	For mainstream audiences, its whiplash pacing, frenetic camera work and offhand manner toward blood spillage probably will be disturbing.	As preposterous and over-the-top as Shoot 'Em Up may be, its humor and non-stop action make for a very enjoyable film.
It's one of the better flicks of the Christmas movie season.	It is so much fun watching these actors enjoy bouncing off each other, it's almost too easy to forget the importance of the story being told.	While not deeply insightful, Charlie Wilson's War is an eye-opening and sassy tale of political will making for unlikely bedfellows.	This is certainly the most dynamic of the war films that have been choking and dying at the multiplex.	Have you ever hear of Congressman Charlie Wilson who served Texas' 2nd District from 1973 to 1996? Neither had I, despite the fact that he was virtually single-handedly responsible for toppling the Soviet Union.	Charlie Wilson's War manages to entertain and inform audiences, thanks to its witty script and talented cast of power players.
As formulas go, the movie, team-written and -directed, sneaks in more tubular charm than the average adult ticket buyer might expect -- or that very young attendees might appreciate.	But seriously - enough with the penguins already.	Kids won't get Surf's Up, and adults--at least fans of Riding Giants--may smell a con.	A happy 85 minutes, although it might have been a teensy bit happier, banishing all hint of repetition, at 75.	Yet another preposterous penguin animation.	Surf's Up is a laid back, visually stunning animated movie that brings a fresh twist to some familiar conventions. Its witty mockumentary format is fun and inventive, and the CGI is breathtakingly realistic.
'Pineapple Express' is a stoner comedy for viewers who haven't fried what's left of their gray cells.	The bromance genre is alive and well and it just gave me a pickle craving.	This is possibly the first time a blackened, burnt corpse is played for laughs. It all flows by like so much sugar water.	A drug-fueled caper that doesn't stint on chronically loopy characters and ridiculously funny situations.	A rare thing: a stoner comedy where being stoned isn't a requirement to enjoying it.	Both funny and scatter shot, this loose-knit action/buddy/stoner comedy bridges genres and keeps a steady tempo of low ball laughs.
